1.0
Went to have a late dinner with my wife.  We were seated pretty quickly around 8:45 PM on Monday.
Our server, Daniel, was very attentive and he took care of any requests quickly.

Now for the 1 star review:

I ordered the Chicken Enchiladas plate.  2 chicken enchiladas, with cilantro flavored rice and black beans for my sides.
The chicken enchiladas were MICROWAVED.  How do I know this?  Whenever you microwave anything in a tortilla, the edges of the tortilla become hard and chewy.  The chicken was dry and chewy too.  I had to have a drink (not a sip) for every bite in order to swallow this crap.  The "corn salsa" was just pico de gallo with corn tossed in and slopped on top of the enchiladas.  There was NO enchilada sauce as part of this "meal".
My side of black beans had to be made and delivered separately.  They had "run out" of the black beans and would make me a fresh side order.  What I received was also microwaved, luke-warm to cold.  It didn't have enough heat to melt the cheese that was sprinkled on top.

Everyone (at least I hope so) knows that microwave heated food does not hold heat for very long, but stove heated food does.

There are just too many items on the menu for everything to be made fresh.

Maybe, I'll just order a popular appetizer next time.  At least those (hopefully) aren't microwaved.


Went there tonight with 2 friends for dessert. I ordered the fresh strawberry and my friends ordered the banana cream and tiramisu.

When we got our cheesecakes, my friends made fun of how ridiculously and noticeably small my piece was compared to theirs. I told our waitress and she simply stated that they were pre-sliced. Well, ok, go get me the rest of it then! 

I was beyond disappointed and angry to where I was just silent. You look at the picture and tell me my piece wasn't significantly smaller to where they should've replaced it.

Common sense escaped the waitress tonight and has angered me to the point where I'd post this.
What has happened to customer service and common sense at the Cheesecake Factory? To add insult to injury, mine cost more...


WORST EXPERIENCE EVER I received their food that was sent to me via Postmates  but they are still responsible for the quality of the food!!! Their manager did not seem to care and I order over a 100 dollars in food for a party this is so disappointing !!!! Food ain't cheap to revive a RAW BURGER !!!!



I am very disappointed in this location. After reading the horrible reviews I honestly have been avoiding this location. Since they are closest to LB we decided to call in a order to go. I called and ordered our usual: Chiness Chicken Salad ( with noodle croutons,  crispy wontons and dressing on the side) we live at least 25 min away so I didn't want everything to be soggy when we got home. The Bacon Bacon burger med- well, the Bandanna cream pie cheesecake and Chocolate Tower cake. While ordering I also requested some bread and butter. 

When we got home, my salad had everything together in one box and it was not at all the way it is when eating in. Very little toppings and extremely soggy and not enjoyable . My boyfriends burger was missing the fries and was bloody. No ketchup was in the bag as well. Our cheese cake had old slimy bananas on it that I noticed right away as soon as I took it out the bag and it complete grossed me out! Also, no bread and butter. 

Not to mention when I originally placed the order after being transferred I waited  for 14 minutes for someone to pick up the phone to place my order. So, I hung up and called back and told the associate what happened and if anyone was available to take my order. She had an attitude and was very short with no warmth or customer service. She seemed iterated to be taking my to go order. I will call in the morning to speak to a manager . This is not what I expect when ordering from The Cheese Cake Factory.


It's been a while since I have eaten out with the family since I now have twin boys that are 19 months. We decided to go here because we remember that they always have huge portions and great food. 

I got the Fish & Chips, which are $17.95 (photo posted in pics). The portion was small and presentation was like a kids meal. What happened to the BIG filets of fish they used to serve?!? 

I might as well have ordered a kids meal for much cheaper since that's the portion I got. Cheesecake Factory is pretty much OFF my list of restaurants to eat at.


4/16/2018
My friend and I dined in around Saturday 2pm. As packed as the mall was, the wait here wasn't too bad. Maybe around 10-15 minutes. While we were waiting by the dessert corner in the front, I noticed a waitress use her bare hands and touched a cookie on the plate of a birthday cheesecake slice. Not only was I astounded that she did it, but to do it right in front of the waiting area where people are watching you. I really wanted to tell a manager but I didn't get a good look at her face since there were many servers that had the same dark hair and ponytail. 

While praying that I didn't have her as a server, it took a while for someone to give us water. I ordered the chicken Marsala. I don't expect great quality here but this dish has never failed me at other locations. However, what I was served was more greasy than usual and not enough Marsala sauce. I didn't even order my usual cheesecake dessert since I was so shocked at what had happened earlier.

I would rather drive to the Glendale restaurant for my next cheesecake craving.



EXTREMELY LONG  WAITS FOR EVERYTHING!!!!!  Food tatse like microwave dinners...especially the fried shrimp and fries typical TV dinner batter also served cold.   The crab and artichoke dip was like mayonnaise soup( sent it back).  Coleslaw was once again their favorite ingredient mayonaise.  The buffalo wings once again tatsed like tv dinner chicken.  We didn't get our lemonades until I asked for them well after the food was served.  I will never return. Overpriced warmed up garbage.


I love Cheesecake Factory but today I tried a different location sure did not like it. I got the lunch special of the miso salmon it was very water. My boyfriend got a burger fries tasted old just have been I siting their. Last time I come to this location.



