2.0
Food quality has deteriorated.  Service is mediocre and plates always spotty.

Prob won't eat here again given the price point and mediocre service

I remember how it used to be a real treat going to the Cheesecake Factory when I was a kid.  The lure of all the different types of cheesecakes in the display case and the variety of foods being offered.  Fast forward several years and I now have a different perspective on dishes that I used to enjoy.  

On my most recent visit I ordered the chicken and shrimp jambalaya ($20) and salted caramel cheesecake ($8).   The jambalaya was too salty and taste wise was a little plain.  The cheesecake tasted ok.  A common theme for the dishes here are that they are too big for a single person.  People are trying to be a bit more health conscious and I feel that the menu at the Cheesecake Factory hasn't kept up with the times.  In addition, it's a HUGE menu with just about everything under the sun.  Unfortunately nothing really stands out taste wise.  I've tried just about everything here.  The pricing is definitely on the high side given the quality of food here.

On this last visit I was dining with my co-workers and our order took over 30 minutes to come out, in addition it took an hour for the cheesecake to thaw.   Slow service, mediocre food, and an outdated menu has ensured that I won't be making a return visit here.


I had a lunch special today and it was awesome they lasted til 5 pm!!! I ordered the fresh salmon (there were 3 choices), with the broccoli & greenn beans (instead of mashed potatoes!!!)  I wish the salmon was cooked with less oil & butter as it had a higher calorie & fat content than what I usually make. I had to record my nutritional information & thats how I knew how bad it was. The grean beans & broccoli were too tasteless as there wasn't any seasoning & I didn't think I needed salt & pepper.


Same as the other Cheesecake Factory restaurants service is very slow. You have to wait at least 15 mins to be asked for your drinks, another 25 mins to take your order and additional 45 mins to get your food.
The only reason for 2* is food is tasty (as always) but I'm not sure if their foods are 100% healthy as I heard that Cheesecake Factory is not allowed in every country just because they don't meet the health requirements.
I'm not planning to go Cheesecake Factory again for the long wait hours and non-healthy rumors.


The Cheesecake Factory remains as terrible as you recall. 

I recently met with friends at The Irvine Spectrum and I begrudgingly agreed to lunch at The Cheesecake Factory and man, not a thing has changed in 10+ years. The interior is like going back to 1999 although they do keep it spotless. The menu is still 20 pages of flavorless food and the service is still slow to the point of comatose. 

I could go into specifics but why? Overcooked Burgers, boring Fries, Sandwiches with too much Bread, Lettuce, and Tomato and not enough meat... I can go on but it is pointless. 

The Cheesecake Factory is lousy but you already knew that.



