3.0
Came here on a weekday morning at 11 am. 

Got a table easily and the staff were attentive. 

Ordered 2 starters - artichoke cheese dip and crispy shrimp. Both dishes were ok but lacked flavor. The complimentary bread was served warm and was tasty.


I think by now everyone has been to TCF and you pretty much know what to expect. This location is in the Irvine Spectrum and it actually has plenty of space for seating and an outdoor bar area. 

As you would have guessed TCF is generally busy but on this particular trip... it wasn't that bad. You know you're here because of the massive menu that you are presented with. SOOOO many options; this is a great place for groups.... this way everyone can find something they would want to try. From low-cal to vegan, they have you covered. 

I opted to try the gumbo and while it did possess some good flavor I wish it was a little more spicy but other than that it was a pretty good dish. Service (and I hate the I forgot her name) was pretty good. Collectively I would have to say good job on their part for the team effort. 

With longstanding franchises like this... I don't think reviews carry that much weight but it really comes down to individual preferences and experiences. So I am a little harsh with chains but overall for the amount of times I've been to this location... the star rating is pretty accurate.

Good luck out there!


5/15/2018
Honestly Cheesecake Factory is always a hit or miss with me, this time I got lucky and the server was actually super accommodating!! 
The food itself is always on point it's just the service just sometimes eh 

THE BROWN BREAD IS A MUSSSSSSST (don't get full on this tho cause the portions are huge here)

Avocado Eggrolls - THEEEEEE number one appetizer!!! Please get this if you come here, it's so worth and everytime I suggest it, all my friends reply with "yoooo this so bomb" 

Spicy Chicken Chipotle Pasta - THE BEST!!! All the flavors tie in so well together but I have to agree it is pretty fattening :p 

Barbecue Ranch Chicken Salad - Pretty good, coulda passed on it but still 

Red Velvet Cheesecake - you can literally taste the diabetes in this but such a guilty pleasure
It was my friends birthday and they even sang to him hehe so cute~

Overall, just come when it's semi-busy and make sure your waiter is nice cause I have encountered some pretty shitty service. Food is always good tho



This location is always busy. Me and my 4 friends went there for dinner and took us about 40 min to get sorted. Service and food were good. I had red wine sangria and was one of the best I have tried. We had some small platters: fried calamari and crispy cheese. Crispy cheese was better than the calamari, because the calamari were mainly crumps. I also had shrimp platter with French friends which was good too. My friends had steak with mash potatoes, chicken Madeira and spicy buffalo hamburger. Everything was good! The only thing I don't like about this place it's kind of dark and makes it look depressive! Out of that and waiting time, all is good, beverages, food, and service!


I hate to give one of my favorite restaurants a 3 star rating but unfortunately the product has not been meeting expectations. 

Let's start with the complimentary bread and butter. It's hard to mess that up right? Well they seem to find a way to do so. Nine times out of ten, the. Bread the bring is cold. Who wants to eat cold bread? Not I. 

Secondly, everyone I come I order the eggplant Parmesan. And when it's available, it it incredible. They are consistent with this dish. When I was a meat eater I used to get the chicken bellagio and that was incredible. But those days are long gone and I'm committed to this vegetarian/border line vegan thing. Cheesecake Factory is my cheat day restaurant. So lately all Cheesecake factories have been running out of the eggplant Parmesan. I still don't understand how you can manage to do that. So it's been throwing me off and making me think outside the box on what to order on their rather large menu. 

Thank God I found a great tasting appetizer, the Korean fried cauliflower. Yum yum in my tum tum. Seriously! It taste like I'm eating sweet and sour and orange chicken. It's delicious. That's been a saving grace for me because meal wise, I won't order anything else on the menu. 

Lastly, the dessert. Ultimate red velvet cheesecake is my go to. It can bring me out of a slump, pick me up if I was down and yea you get the point. They have never messed this one up. This is 5 stars all alone. 

The service is always pretty decent, but they really need to stop running out of eggplant parmigiana and stop serving cold bread. I mean seriously, put it in the microwave and warm it up. Laziness got you this 3 star rating from me.


Cheesecake factory is one of those places that you have to visit just once for the hype, or at least bring your overseas friends who are visiting to visit. 

The cheesecakes here are excellent. Delicious, creamy, and undoubtedly sinful. I could probably fill up on a single slice of cheesecake for dinner. 

There is a wide menu selection, and they even have a skinny menu for those who are calorie conscious. The food itself is okay, not amazing. Service is decent, and portions are huge. Prices are definitely slightly on the higher side, but I guess you're paying for the cheesecake factory experience (and brand).

Always crowded, so make sure you make a reservation or go earlier to avoid a long wait!


Parking here is atrocious. It's better to park far away and walk rather than keep circling the parking lot. This location is busy every day, all day. There is ample seating area inside and out, but expect to wait.

The food takes a while to come out. I didn't think we ordered anything that required a long cooking time, but apparently so. I had my kids with me so I had to ask for extra bread while waiting for the food. The waitress seemed pleasant enough, but I really hate to have to ask for refills. I was always trained to ask the patron if they wanted a refill when their glasses were half empty. It seems to be the norm in many restaurants to have to flag down your server.


I love the selection at Cheesecake Factory. They have a Skinny Menu, small plates, Asian cuisine, Spanish cuisine. Their bread is also good. This location can get busy on weekends so be prepared to wait. The service is usually good. 
On one incident I ordered a take out order and I arrived a little late- about 45 mins, they told me it would be ready in 20 so I assumed it would be ready when I got there. I checked in with the take out counter and the girl kind of just shunned me away and said they would call my name. She was useless. So I waited about 15 mins. By then it had been an hour when I placed the phone call. I went up to the counter again and they told me they had given my food to someone else. I had to wait another 15 mins for a whole new meal. Luckily I wasn't in a rush but by then I was pretty annoyed. They gave me a free cheesecake and I still tipped but the whole situation was just frustrating. If that useless girl at the counter just checked for my meal when I first arrived, I'm sure that wouldn't have happened.


Service was very good here, As usual I got the vegan Cobb Salad which was delicious as always. The downfalls at this location are that I asked the waiter if the Veggie Burger was Vegan, he wasn't sure so he asked in the back and no one knew if it had egg in it or not. Going to a restaurant I would expect the Chefs preparing my meal would know what is in the products they are serving. I also asked about a military discount and was told the discount is only given to Military Members in uniform. To me that is ridiculous, wearing a uniform around makes you a target, and should only be worn when necessary also I would not want to wear it to the mall. I hope they reconsider that rule.


5/21/2018
Shame on The Cheesecake Factory.
Stop using plastic straws unless a client specifically asks for one.
This is a form of plastic pollution that is easily cleaned up.
Get with the program.
We won't return until this institution steps up and helps solve this important provlem




