4.0
Met here with a friend for lunch. I was surprised at how quickly we were seated. We were served with a basket of fresh bread and drinks. My friend and I, ordered the vegetable salad with chicken. Once we received the order the salad was fresh and so good. The chicken was thoroughly grilled with wedges of beets (red and pink), edamame, cold asparagus, cabbage, green beans and a variety of vegetables. This was such a good option to go with and the best vegetable salad I've had anywhere. 

Overall, it was a good experience. Parking is available via the multiple parking structures around the restaurant. This place is located in the Irvine Spectrum.


5/30/2018
The Food - The Food is always good but this time I think it was just the choice that I made in my selection that just didn't quite meet my usual standard. I started out with a spinach and cheese dip appetizer, ordered a pina colada drink minus the alcohol and it was delicious! I couldn't leave without grabbing a cheesecake, I opted for the Dulce De Leche cheesecake but my friend ordered the mango key lime.
Our waiter was nice but it took forever for the food and when we needed our drinks replenish we have to ask for the assistance of other servers.
Great location in Irvine Spectrum



POGIBALLS RATINGS
Overall rating 4 Stars
Light snack before dinner
"Avocado Toast / Calamari / Avodado Eggrolls"
Food 4 Stars
Service 3 1/2 Stars
Restaurant Cleanliness 4 1/2 Stars
Restroom 4 Stars

The avocado toast was good, the bread was warm and fluffy and the avacodo was creamy and smooth.  The toppings were fresh and plentiful.   The avocado rolls were crispy and the avocado was fresh, drizzled with the sweet sauce made a good dish. the calamari was excellent, it was fried perfectly to a golden Brown color.

I would dine here again #cheesecakfactoryirvine, Cheesecake Factory, Irvine  #pogiballsratings


I'm a Cheesecake Factory fan. I've been to this location a bajillion times and all of the times have been enjoyable! It is located at a super popular outdoor mall, so the wait can be from 30 minutes to hours. If you go on a weekend night (especially), put your name in and be prepared to wait. 

The Cheesecake Factory's specialty is cheesecakes and desserts. I've never had a and dessert here. I've tried their non-cheesecake desserts too and they are all delicious. Their food menu is pretty good too. HUGE selection, and sometimes that makes it hard for the food to be excellent, but there are a few menu items that I repeatedly get.

Customer service has always been great: friendly and attentive servers and relatively quick service. There is one main reason it gets 4 stars though and it may be weird... am I the only one who thinks the floor is consistently kind of slippery? Not like wet slippery, but like just waxed slippery. I've never fallen, but I have had a few times where I felt like I almost might haha.


Yummy cheesecakes. I got to use my "slice of joy" gift cards and gots a variety of cheesecakes. My moms favorite is red velvet cheesecake. She loves the cream cheese frosting and white chocolate swirls. My favorite is still the Godiva cheesecake or Tiramisu one. My old time favorite was pineapple upside down cheesecake but they discontinued that one. So sad...

Still a big fan of miso salmon, steak diane, and creamy oh so yummy mashed potatoes. I love coming here at this location because I see a lot of my friends here and it's right next to Edwards movie theatre. 

Giving it 4 stars because they still need improvement on restroom areas. I've spoken to waiter and manager before my meal and nothing was done. I had to speak to them again after my dinner. Hoping they do more cleaning or restocking of supplies. Other than this, experience was fine.


7/14/2018
Chicken piccata was delicious as always. I also got a mojito that tasted more artificial than anything



One of my favorite locations to come to. My boyfriend and I love coming here for a casual date night. Today we came in for a lunch date; brunch is served until 2pm on weekends so I always get the green chilaquiles. If you haven't tried them yet, I highly recommend them!!! I give it a four stars overall for their great customer service and alright food.


Now this is the Cheesecake Factory that you need to go to. What a difference... this place is way better than the Cheesecake Factory that's in Brea. This place, in Anaheim Gardenwalk, they're staff is polite, the restaurant looks clean and it's definitely not as dark. Our server would check on us constantly.
That was the kind of service I was expecting... or not even expected but they should have been attentive with their customers automatically.
Aside from their service, the food was great! Will definitely be coming back!


We come to CF when we want dependable food, service, atmosphere, and selection. We had no issues, the waitress was phenomenal and friendly and answered all our questions and requests (splitting dishes) etc.
We had the roasted artichoke appetizer, roasted garlic chicken farfalle pasta, the vegan Cobb salad, chicken mango avocado salad, and they were all really fresh and delicious. 
We ordered several drinks (alcoholic and non alcoholic) and all of those were great too.
The only downfall in the evening was that my husband ordered an old fashioned, that didn't quite taste the way we are used to it tasting, so we asked for another drink and set the old fashioned aside on the table. Of course the waitress understood we didn't like the drink and I believe asked the manager to comp it off our bill - We had zero intention of not paying for it, though. Next thing we know, the manager comes by our table and it really started to feel like we were getting scolded for not liking the drink- a barrage of questions about what we didn't like about it, the flavour? The whisky? Why? Have you had it before? Etc.
Not once has this ever happened to us at any other restaurant, and I really didn't appreciate it. Especially on a $120+ tab. Otherwise I would have rated things higher.
Other that that, everything was great!


7/18/2018
Look, this is a chain so remember that when you visit -- and for a chain restaurant this location is a solid 4 stars.  

We were a group of seven, and from start to finish the service was great.  We ordered a bunch of different things including my favorite fried mac/cheese appetizer to start.  I ordered the bbq chix salad, which is huge and delicious.  It was fresh, lots of chicken and tasty.  Everything else ordered at the table was a hit from the gumbo to the flatbread to the Cobb salad and various pizzas.

Of course we ordered dessert, how can you not?  So I ordered the celebration cheesecake it was absolutely divine.  Someone else at the table ordered the chocolate cake that was off the charts for a chocolate lover.  Thanks for the great visit CF.



I wouldn't have normally reviewed a Cheesecake Factory, but I felt compelled to write this. I've been to this location twice and was well taken care of each time by Fabio. He made us feel welcome and despite the fact that the restaurant was slammed, he took the time to ensure we were treated well. 

It's people like Fabio and how they treat customers that make any business stand out.


We came here for some birthday dessert. I ordered strawberry cheesecake and it totally hit the spot. 

Our server Nick was great! He was very patient with us as two of us sat there waiting for our third friend to join us. 

He also made sure the staff sang happy birthday to me which was funny and sweet and only mildly embarrassing but I was up for a good laugh if it made my friends happy. 

Parking is easy because this location is at the Cerritos Mall. 

It's good for larger groups, but make a reservation.


I really love their cheesecake-- that's what their known for!

As far their other menu-- I think it's standard and no complaints. I love their Avocado Eggrolls--the sauce is something else and they always pack it well with avocado. Also, who doesn't like fresh, warm complimentary wheat bread?

Ordered the Renee lunch Special, which is a Chicken Almond Salad sandwich that comes with a cream of wild mushroom soup and house salad. Pretty good!

Usually order the Louisiana Chicken Bow-Tie pasta!

Always save room for their cheesecake. My go-to cheesecake: Fresh strawberry cheesecake--with their lovely, fluffy whip-cream nicely formed on top and on the side!



