5.0
After a night at the improv watching Heather McDonald & my feet nearly falling off because my heels were killing me, we decided to stop into The Cheesecake Factory for dessert.

I'll tell you right now , we had the nicest waitstaff ever, obviously once they knew we weren't there for a big meal I thought they'd be thinking , no big tip from these two , but how wrong I was.  Pleasant , friendly and helpful.   I'm sorry I don't remember you're names , because they deserve the praise! 

Our desserts were so good , I decided to take the rest of mine home & ended up eating it for breakfast!  

I wouldn't hesitate to go back to this Cheesecake Factory, in fact I plan on it soon!


Alicia was hands down the best waitress I've had I. Cheesecake Factory!! She kept checking on us, and was super fast... even when it was super busy!!! I usually don't go to Cheesecake Factory because I understand they get busy, but I'll definitely come back to this location. The Miso Salmon was so good and very tasty ! Recommend 10/10. 

Since the bar area (high tops) are open seating, I always get to skip the ridiculous wait, so that's always a plus!! So if you see an open seat on those high tops don't hesitate on getting it.


Personally, I always have a great time at this location. Out of the ten times I have visited, only one time has it been a bad experience. The food is always amazing, and out of most of the dishes I have tried, the only dish I do not recommended is the eggs Benedict. The staff, for the most part, as always been supper attentive and the cheesecake... oh galore.


I been coming to this Cheesecake Factory for past celebrations. 
To park: 
There's a parking lot right next to Bubba Gump. You can validate the pass for three hours. Make sure to not forget to bring your parking pass with you.
Today, my family and I came in a good time. We didn't have to wait. I ended up ordering a Diana ( which is kind of similar to a fillet mignon but flavorful). It came with mashed potatoes and mushrooms. I ordered the steak to be medium-well and it came out well done. Thankfully, our server was kind enough to suggest to take it back and get a new medium well steak ( at no price). The second time around, the Diana steak came out great. Our server suggested to order a level down for the steak to be cooked the way I wanted. So thank you again Cheesecake for being so kind!!
We also ordered the buffalo wings which were good and spicy. The Grilled Salmon plate and Shrimp Angel Pasta  were yummy too!
Plus, I tried their Tropical Smoothie, which was delicious. Especially, on a hot day, it is the best. Even though, it has different fruits in the smoothie, it tasted like mango. 

Different servers were checking in on us and seeing if we were doing alright which was awesome!


4/15/2018
Always excellent excellence customer service,food and dessert. Came in today with my family and with no doubt I will definitely be back again and again. 

Highly recommend


This is my favorite cheesecake! We came here and the people up front were really nice and even our server was on it! He read our minds lol I just went to the cheesecake on Sherman oaks today and its nothing like this one in Anaheim. We are definitely planning to come here again on our next trip:)


My regular go to spot, especially for Happy Hour! Definitely hit happy hour whenever you can between 4-6pm and grab the pork belly sliders!


Only had a 15 min wait on a Friday afternoon. Love how it's located walking from the theatre. This made it so convenient for my date with husband since we were on a bit of a time limit. Our waitress was great, I'm disappointed in myself that I forgot her name smh. She was attentive and gave us great service. Our food was also good. We ordered the Jamaican black pepper shrimp and the Louisiana pasta. Both were amazing!


Love Cheesecake Factory!!! I like how it's close to the movie theater.  My husband and I would catch a 9/9:30/10/10:30AM movie and would dine here afterwards, which is usually around lunch time. 

By the time we get to Cheesecake Factory, there would be a handful of more parties waiting before us.  Since it's just the 2 of us, or wait is usually 10 to 15 minutes.  Longest I've waited during prime eating time was 30 minutes.  

I usually order a pasta dish along with some appetizers.  Our usual appetizers are the potato tots, fried zucchini and fried mac and cheese.  My usual pasta is the farfalle with chicken and roasted garlic.  I get the dinner portion so I can eat the leftovers that night.  My husband usually orders the taco plate, club sandwich plate, or a breakfast burrito.  

Everything always taste delicious, full of flavor.  I also love their bread basket.  I always eat all the sourdough and my husband would eat the honey wheat.  The wait for food hasn't been long, I haven't sat there and thought to myself "wonder what's taking so long?" Or "wonder where my food is?" 

Food is always good.  Service has always been friendly and attentive.  Will definitely be back for more!!!


I love Cheesecake Factory!!! The service was amazing and the food was delicious. I came here to have brunch and catch up with some friends :). The only thing that I would point out is that the address on YELP does not take you to the restaurant location... instead it takes you to the side of Sears.... so it was a little hard to find the location.


Love the Cheesecake Factory! Their food is consistently good and their cheesecake is the best! This location has a lovely al fresco dining area which is perfect for beautiful California afternoons like today. The wait was somewhat long considering  there was ample seating outside but it's so beautiful and warm outside so I didn't mind waiting a bit. My server was nice, prompt and friendly. I enjoyed my lunch here and would recommend sitting outside for friends catching up over a meal, a date or if you just want some peace and quiet.



