1.0
7/31/2018
Terrible restaurant experience! Team was so unorganized and unprofessional having numerous side conversations while there was a line. 

There was even one team member on his phone in the customer line then told other team member to make three tacos, then he went to behind the counter and was telling two other team members what they want on his tacos. This stopped the customer in front of me from being helped so that this team member could have his tacos made. 

One team member made a comment saying "tuition reimbursement is not worth this." 

They ran out of shredded cheese and their was no sense of urgency while their was a line to go get the cheese and continue helping us. By the time someone brought cheese I told them never mind and they asked me twice if I was sure. The cashier ended up comping tacos but by that time I was SUPER ANNOYED! 

Behind the line was very messy and dirty!



7/7/2018
This location has a lot to work on. When I visited the staff members working clearly weren't on the same page and made snippy comments towards one another. Even though nothing was directed towards customers, it was uncomfortable! I should have known better than to continue with my order.

I took my order to-go so I didn't see how the bowl looked until it was too late. I started eating and was disappointed by the flavor alone. And then it happened. I spotted a piece of plastic in my bowl.

I reached out to Chipotle and their solution was a coupon to go back. The rep helping me didn't seem at all concerned about the plastic. Why would anyone want to return to a location with so many negatives in one visit? I received a refund for the bowl after requesting that in place of a coupon. I won't be returning to this location again.



These people HAAAAATTTTTEEEEEA their job. There was a girl there (the only one) with a full face of make up and was so pissed and annoyed because I asked for my salsas on the side. Also asked for some Barbacoa juice because the half ounce of dried up beef jerky I got from the last remaining bits of the pain weren't going to cut it on their own. Had to ask for each of those sides 3 times because attitude girl kept forgetting. 

Don't get chips here. I'm terry sure I got the last 1/3 of someone's pre munched on bag. Definitely got jipped.


Very poor customer service seems to be a recurring issue at this location. They have A LOT to work on. Why stay open until 11pm if your shitty manager can't order utensils to provide to late night customers?? The staff here needs to get it together.. I waited about 10 minutes for a slice of lime and another 5 min to pay because somehow they decided to let the people behind me pay first.... TF? How? Bad bad customer service...


1st. I can't believe I had to remind the girl working there to change her gloves after handling trash. She picked up trash placed it in the bin and proceeded to start making an online order. I told her to change it because it was obvious that she wasn't going to. 

2nd. From the looks of it the manager/supervisor onsite was making everyone wait because they had run out of chicken. I was next in line and I wasn't going to order chicken but they didn't bother to ask, they made everyone wait for the chicken. Finally after 10 mins he apologized for the wait and that the chicken will be out shortly but I told him I didn't want chicken....still didn't take my order though. 

As the line grew longer the more they avoided eye contact with the customers for whatever reason. They just tried to look like they were busy when they really weren't.  Horrible experience with the staff tonight. They need to be remind what customer service is and a refresher course for handling food would be nice. I will never go to that store again.


I work at a spa across the way and only get 30 min of lunch and so I love using any delivery service because it's convenient. This location has messed up my order TWICE and it's getting frustrating that the employees don't pay attention to detail. The first time, I ordered through door dash and when my order was delivered, the name on the receipt was completely different which meant it was a completely different order. I called this location and they gave me a complimentary meal BUT said that I had to pick it up. Why should I have to have picked it up if you guys messed up AND i ordered delivery because I can't exactly just leave my job to get it. I had to inconveniently find a way to cover my shift for a bit just to go pick it up. The second time, it was a little better except that I asked for brown rice and not white rice. It clearly says each item on my receipt. Normally, that wouldn't be such a big deal to me but the fact that this is the second time they get it wrong, i now know the employees aren't trained well and don't pay attention to detail. I'm not ordering from this location again until their employees get properly trained - doesn't matter how busy it is, you need to have good customer service.


Horrible! Arrived at 1:15pm. 4 workers.  Incredibly slow.  Only 6 people ahead of me.  Their orders were not complicated.  No sense of urgency at all.  So slow.  Having side bar conversations amongst themselves.   I will never visit this location again.  As if things could not get worse. .. the cashier wanted to give me $3.00   in quarters and my quesadilla was burnt..... REALLY?!?!?!! 

On a positive note.  The restaurant was very clean.


7/31/2018
I ordered a chicken burrito as I bit into the chicken I spit it out. The chicken was chewy and i inspected the piece and found a hair within the chicken. Absolutely disgusted .



Just went to grab a chicken bowl and eat something healthy. Chicken was cold and partly still not cooked. I'm not one to complain but seriously serving chicken that's not cooked properly is dangerous.
I've been too chipotle many times so this is a first for me. Advice to anyone ordering the chicken ask for a sample . Make sure it's cooked and it's warm.


I never ever recommend this location,we ordered the food,and they delivered cold and too small portions and really bad shape and ........and even wasn't whatever we ordered ,don't try call manager,because guy doesn't do anything to fix their mistakes,just will tell you sorry !!!!


Nothing like cold steak and cold fajita veggies!!!! Idk about you but I also love when the cheese doesn't even melt. 

I live 5 minutes away, no reason why my food should be ice cold by the time I get home. 

Very happy right now if you couldn't tell.


If I could give them zero stars I would but I can't. This is the WORST food establishments that I have ever eaten at and not just out of Chipotle's but everywhere! I walked in and the employees were talking about what they were doing after work with employees that seemed to be off duty.  I had to get their attention for me to be able to order my food. When I got my food it was cold and when I questioned the temperature the cook told me not to worry about the temperature. I work in food safety and that is horrible. I loved chipotle but I refuse to eat at this location again. I'd rather drive 20 mins to the next chipotle than to eat here! YUCK!


Came to Chipotle waited 20 minutes in line for them to tell me they ran out of chicken and steak. How do you run out of chicken and steak when that's what you're known for. Next time they should tell their customers that they ran out of food before they wait in line and close their doors


Do people here ever pick up phone calls?

I've called several times. And it just rings n rings and rings n rings...


This is my neighborhood chipotle so I go here quite often. But Im so disappointed, Im sure they switched managers recently. Quality of food is great but I have definately noticed their steak pieces are cubed SMALLER and the chips are not worth the $1.45 esp when theres only 20 chips included. Chipotle already increased their prices only to give smaller portions of items?! Doesnt make any sense to decieve your customers.


Absolute joke. The guy working had never put a burrito together in his life. He couldn't manage to roll my burrito which only had rice beans chicken and sour cream (i.e. not that big) without spilling half the filling all over the counter. Then he asked if he could double wrap it and I said no because I don't need that much tortilla. Then he proceeded to re wrap and spilled even more of the filling. I left with what was basically half a burrito.


I am a huge Chipotle fan and I eat here all the time, BUT what happened to me was unacceptable. As I was devouring my burrito bowl I FOUND AN INSECT. Take a look at the photos... see for yourself. 
I just hope someone from there quality department takes this seriously.



