2.0
What's the point of ordering online if when you get there at the scheduled time your food isn't even started yet? I could've just ordered at the store...


my husband and I decided to go here one day for lunch. I ordered a burrito bowl with lettuce he ordered a burrito, without lettuce. After about taking 3 bites I look down and see a fly on a piece of my lettuce. I looked throughout the bowl to see if  I could find any more... I found 4 more flies and a tiny spider! I found six small bugs particularly in the lettuce I can only imagine how many were hiding and how many I've already eaten so I explained it to the cashier and she gave us our money back and said, "it happens sometimes because it's fresh lettuce and they sometimes can't get all the bugs off" uhhhhhh but its not like there was one. There were 6


Very poor customer service. All utensils were out of stock and multiple customers, including myself, asked for them to be refilled. Every employee that was asked just brushed it off and continued to stand where they were. You think with 4 employees not having a task to do it wouldn't be hard to simply fill forks and napkins. It took all of 15 minutes for a staff member to fill them.


Always problems here.

Out of chicken...

Slow service...

And the final straw for me: can't even get to-go orders right...

It's a shame it's the only one in the area. Go somewhere else if you can.


7/23/2018
This is our third visit in 4 weeks at this location and it seems like nothing's changed. The food tastes like every other Chipotle out there.... but the portions are comparable to a kids meal. I usually highlight the good in restaurants and try to avoid negative reviews but 3 strikes and you're out. I wont be visiting this location any time soon.... and that's being positive. 

I'm not asking for an over filled plate. Im just asking for what I pay for. I enjoy Chipotle meals but situations like this will be reason enough to take my business elsewhere.

I wouldn't mind having the servers weigh each portion so at least we'd know what were getting every single time.. but at this point, Chiptole on Hamner is a no-go.

On a positive note, the employees are always friendly and appear to love their job.



7/12/2018
Ordered a kids meal for son and apparently Chipotle I Corona only provides 1/2 a meal for kids now. Barely a spoonful of each item. Certainly not enough to qualify as a "two taco" kids meal.



I gave this place a 2 star instead of a 1 star cause of the guy preparing the food Richard was very friendly. Now, the cashier Nyisha on the other hand gave me stale chips and tried to give me a small drink instead of a large. This cashier needs a improvement plan from Chipotle.


Its the closest Chipotle to me, and the food is good. They forgot to charge me for an entree, when I told them they gave me a BOGO coupon, so they are focusing on customer service. However, I've had multiple servers there and its universal that:

1) This location gives smaller portions than other Chipotle's. On one visit my "extra barbacoa" became the size of a normal single portion at the Fountain Valley or Tustin locations

2) The chips are often stale, and perpetually undersalted. They are basically unsalted, plain chips that taste a day old. Granted, unsalted, stale Chipotle chips beat most other chips, but still, not as good as other locations in terms of quality.


Chipotle has become a huge disappointment. I used to eat there like every week. Sometimes more than once. I worshipped their food. I ate there even when they were having ecoli outbreaks. I never got sick and i was never worried. I stayed loyal and I stuck with them. But ever since their failed queso and multiple food poisoning incidents, they've become a real problem. Prices have skyrocketed and they are charging $8 for a burrito - I could go to a restaurant for that price and get something better. The flavor has lost too, everything tastes old. $2 for guac - wtf kind of idiot pays $2 for a little guac let alone charges someone that. I feel taken advantage of at this point and refuse to go to chipotle. How do they get off charging people more when they are lucky people are still even coming at all?


I'm visiting in from New York for work and my hotel is directly across from this location. I decided instead of eating Mcdonalds let me grab a little bit better food. I've been to Chipotle before so I know how it works.  

I got the 3 soft tacos with chicken with all the toppings including Guac. I'm glad they stopped asking if it was ok to charge me more for Guac. Yes, I want Gauc, yes I'll pay for it. The tacos were still great as always. 

I notice Chipotle started offering chips and queso. Qdoba has some pretty rocking queso, so I decided to give it a try. I think you guys are out of your mind for charging so much for the chips and queso. 3 Tacos w/Gauc, Chips, and Queso plus no Drink. Almost $17 dollars!  What in god's name are you doing with your prices? I don't care how cage-free your chickens run, that's a little out of control if you ask me. 

The chips were a little salty and some chips had an overpowering amount of lime. Others had nothing. I'm gonna say this but I can't confirm because I'm not in their kitchen, but your queso did not feel fresh at all. It was disgusting and in my opinion, I felt I got queso that was sitting for too long or it was left over from the previous day. 

It's hard to describe the texture of the queso but if I had to put it into words, I would say it was a bit grainy and not smooth and silky but more thick and chunky. I had a very bad feeling about eating the queso because it didn't taste right. I don't want to say it was spoiled but it was not good queso at all. In fact, I'm sitting in my room now with a huge stomach ache 5 hours after eating half of the queso. 

Overall, not Chiptole's best day with me. I won't be coming back to this location anytime soon however when I get back to New York, I will try the Queso again to see if it has the same texture and same taste. A recommendation?, avoid the queso. Stick to tacos.


Ordered the steak burrito. Found 9 small cubes of steak....might as well have gotten a burrito with no meat assuming that is less on $

Sorry chipotle

1 star for portion size.
Another star for the great taste. 

Still hungry.


found avocado skins in my guacamole and that tainted the holiness of the guacamole #holyguacamoly



