3.0
Oh the travesty I have witnessed at this location. The employee accidentally put guacamole on the customer's bowl in front of me. He said he didn't ask for it but it was okay just leave it on there (appeared to be willing to pay for it). The employee said we will take it off, scooped it into a paper soup container and threw it away.  What did I just see?!?

Don't be so petty Chipotle.  Don't throw away a food product when an employee makes a mistake and the customer will eat it.  You would rather throw away food than give it to the customer without paying for it.  For such a rare occurrence, give it up. I would understand if the customer was trying to dupe you into a free side but this was clearly not the case.

Update: Still not a fan of this location.  The guacamole at this place is different from others.  Looks like they dilute the guacamole with sour cream unlike other locations.  Why else would their color be different than other locations?


I came in here to pick up a cheap and quick meal for dinner after watching a movie over at the nearby AMC Mission Valley 20. I went with my usual chicken salad order and was out of there in a jiffy. You can almost always expect the assembly of your food to be really quick. In fact, some times it can be a little bit too quick as it ends up being a bit messy. I took it back to my hotel to enjoy while watching some TV.


Good store design for this part of Mission Valley because they have many small tables and bar seats. Perfect for the working class in the area that are eating solo.
Service was on the friendly side and the protein portion was pretty generous as you can see from my picture.

- Coke Zero was not working so they need better monitoring of their supply.
- Well stocked Tabasco bottles 
- They do a good job cleaning tables.


Chipotle is always a fresh choice for a burrito.  Choices are the same as any other Chipotle, as you would expect.  Store is typically clean, always freezing. They have a nice outside eating section. You get a breeze most days, so not too hot out there. Staff here is the reason for three stars. In a decade, I have never been to this location and been blown away by the service. In fact, in lacks in comparison to almost any other Chipotle I have been too....and that's a lot of them. I also find that the chicken and steak tend to be a bit dried out here compared to other locations. I typically try to eat at the one off Rimpau/Ontario.



I am not too happy with the burrito bowl I got. I ordered online, got Chicken, pinto beans, white rice, fajita mix, pico and cheese. 
I decided to eat it in the car since my toddler fell asleep in the car. 
I WISH I could back in and say something. The rice is CRUNCHY. Which means it's not cooked. It's a total let down. I don't have the luxury to go in and say something, so I'm stuck with it. And I'm out the $10 I spent.


All the bad reviews almost kept me from coming here.
My husband was craving Chipotle and we came here for dinner last night.
The kids meal was really skimpy, already premade, so a cold, old quesadilla, not worth it.
My husband enjoyed his barbacoa burrito and my veggie salad was pretty good too.
Prices are fair at just under $7 each, portions were large if you get all the veggies like we do.
Lines were long, but service is great and keeps it moving quickly. Nothing bad to say about this location.


This place is really good but the portions on their meat is very small their hand shakes when he put some meat on your plate and I do not like that especially when you pay 10 $12 for a bowl they need to figure it out.


This Chipotle is located in the Crossroads shopping plaza. Parking is plentiful but can get pretty hectic as well since it's shared by many other businesses as well.

This Chipotle is huge and can get pretty crowded during the rush hours. The workers were very accommodating do all your requests and when I was there I felt like my bowl was huge compared to other Chipotles. You move through the line quickly as long as everyone else in front of you doesn't hold back the line.

I got in and out of Chipotle in less than 10 minutes probably. 

The only reason for the 3 stars and not a five is that I found a live bug in my Chipotle bowl when I got back to work. I didn't bother to take a picture but it seems like another customer has gotten a bug in their food prior. Please wash your lettuce better is all I ask for future customers. 

Probably will not be back at this location due to this incidence which seems like its repeated thing. 

On the plus side: huge portions!



