4.0
This location is in a large shopping plaza and has ample parking.  We came on a Saturday evening when there wasn't any wait at all - did notice that after we'd paid for our food that a line had formed (people definitely come in waves - maybe it has to do when a movie ends at the nearby theater) anyway they prepared our order quickly and seemed to be getting through their lines just as fast.  I noticed that their manager jumped right into the prep line and even called another employee from the bag to take over at the register.  I really appreciate this attention to quick service especially when you're at a place like chipotle where all the food is already prepared and your just waiting for your meal to be assembled.  

As far as food goes - I ordered my usual of a burrito bowl with a tortilla on the side - I find that I can get the feel of a salad but still make little bites with my tortilla to satisfy that craving.  Also, if you're like me and cant finish these big portions its much easier to throw a lid on your burrito bowl and save it for later than trying to re-wrap your burrito.


I love this food. I like the fact that you can customize you burrito or bowl to your taste. They just so happen to be out of guacamole. How does that even happen???


This is for this location and not the company as a whole. 

Really good consistent food. It's Chipotle. Can't complain. Although I'm noticing a trend that the online orders are starting to look a bit on the thin side. 

No matter. Still gonna eat here and y'all will too. 

Although I gotta say, the queso is SOOO disappointing.  Steve, you gotta come up with something better than this, man.  Just god awful representation of melted something-or-other.


Great location and easy to get into. I really dont like their salsa and wish they could just put gauc into their food.


This chipotle is yet to fail my satisfaction chicken or steak burritos are always perfectly made to my likings. The girls they have working here not only hook it up but have me out the door in minutes. Keep up the good work chipotle crew!


6/15/2018
Chipotle is one of my fav places to eat as for as fast food! I feel it's healthy and fresh plus you don't have that glutton feeling afterwards. This is one of my fav locations because it's never a long line, the workers are extremely nice and courteous , you receive a good portion without having to humiliate lol yourself by asking for another scoop and the location is perfect next to shopping centers , post office, banks and target.
This visit however everything was perfect but my guacamole wasn't fresh and I was really disappointed once I got home and took the lid off. It was completely brown which is strange because this never happens at this location. I did however enjoy my veggie bowl with extra sour cream!



Fast, delicious and easy: those are the defining characteristics of this Chipotle. I came in for a post-workout meal (it's right next to LA Fitness) and there was only 1 person in line. They took my order, made my burrito, and processed my payment all in about 90 seconds. In and out. I went home and enjoyed my delicious, meaty, filling burrito.

Oh, and guacamole is $2.10 now. What?! But still worth it.


Good food! It was great, tasty and people are friendly. This location has a large area of seating and I love the way the seating is laid out (see photo). It has a modern vibe to it! Love love ! There's also outside dining if you prefer. This place is located near barranca and culver so traffic can be a bit hectic. I enjoyed my visit and the food. Thank you!!


Chipotle is a nice place to get a burrito or bowl customized to your liking and as always, the guacamole is extra. My coworkers and I all placed our orders online for lunch. We picked 11 am for our pick-up time and we were there at 11 on the dot. All of our food was already done and put in the warming box waiting for us. What a painless way to order lunch to-go especially when you don't have the time to waste! Since the food was already paid for online, all they had to do was verify our identity before giving us our food.


This Chipotle is pretty good and hasn't ever been a bad experience for me or my friends. I always get a bowl with steak and tortilla on the side. The service isn't too bad and usually has young people working it who are fast and nice. The tables area is tidy too. I saw a worker cleaning the floors and tables the other day too. Overall, this is the average chipotle that provides cheap and decent food. I provided a picture of two bowls below.



