5.0
Came here to get lunch with my daughter after a really really bad night. I got lucky and there was no line when I walked in. The employees were super friendly and helpful. As I got to register Yessica asked how my day was going, after I told her how crappy it was going she decided to tell me the meal was on her. It was such a small act of kindness but it had a huge impact on my day. Thanks so much Yessica for putting the smile back on my face.


Everything was outstanding! We had more than enough delicious food for 25 people! And Chipotle provided everything:  all topping, steak, chicken, veggies, white rice, brown rice, black beans and pinto beans! Even the bowls, forks, napkins and heating trays with burners~ Unbelievable value!!  The boxes were easy to carry and it was labeled with instructions! We could have had a wedding!! But we had a Cinco de Mayo celebration for my 15 years cancer Free!

This was an outstanding value! I highly recommend their service!~ On time and exceeded my expectations!


6/21/2018
I came in today and I want to give a huge shout-out to Akira for being super awesome and helpful. Thank you for all your help!!!



Just left this Chipotle on July 23rd around 1 in the afternoon and the girl working the cash register (white girl, light colored hair, not much makeup or any noticeable tattoos) she was so nice!

I got my food and she was so incredibly nice just checking me out going out of her way to ask how my day was and such. I go outside to eat my food just to be alone and get some work done while eating and she comes outside asking how I am if everything is good if I need anything refills or whatever. What?! Chipotle isn't a restaurant no one ever goes out of their way like this hell the chipotle by my work is flat out rude.

But this girl is doing it right. So sweet just felt like she needed a shout out for being a good employee and person.


This place is perfect as we now started the Keto diet. I ordered a double chicken salad with cheese, sour cream mild sauce, fajita veggies  seems like his might become our new go to place, good food and service was great. Over all I prefer this location from the the other Corina location off Ontario, it's much cleaner, good seemed a lot more fresh and service was great.


Quick, courteous service, and yummy burrito!! The ingredients are fresh and seasoned well.  Love the outside seating option.


This chipotle has the best customer service!!! Diet and nutrition is very important to my boyfriend and I so being able to eat out all the time is kinda hard especially cuz we are picky but shout out to Richard for making eating out easy not only for nutritional reasons but for the great service truly was a great way to finish our day


Thank you for catering out very last minute preschool good bye lunch party! 
Abdiel- you came through for us!!!
The kids will love these!!!


The location here is a more popular one and better tasting in my opinion. Because of the volume, they tend to produce more food. 

Gricelda is a very understanding manager. Her staff here are all well mannered and attentive. Best chipotle in the area!


I came in earlier today, and got my burrito bowl, I'll detail the hack below in case you are a college student or a huge eater like myself.

1) politely request a bowl with brown rice and white rice.
2) ask for a tortilla on the side
3) ask for a scoop of pinto beans AND black beans
4) request fajitas 
5) joke with the staff and apologize for the trouble and soon to be larger list of demands.
6) get half meat and another half meat of something else (you get more than a single scoop of meat since the staff is usually so nice and doesn't want to short change you on your greediness)
7) request all the salsas and corn and sour cream and cheese
8) request guacamole, they sometimes skimp so politely ask for a bit more no matter what.  Don't worry the shame will subside when you leave the building.
9) thank the cashier profusely and while slyly requesting a cup of free water.  Get water and add lemons for additional flavor.

Lastly- Alec the general manager at this location personally asked us how our meal was doing, and the staff is above and beyond customer service oriented.  Way to go chipotle - best staple for a 7- 10 dollar meal imo.


Customer service was noticeably improved today. If there is a new manager at this location, props to them


Hoa is so friendly! It's great being able to see a friendly face when you go out to eat. This chipotle is definitely the best chipotle I have been too in California!



