1.0
Horrible past experiences with this gym, they kick you out of you make friends and work out together, they think your taking away from their trainers, what a joke, you cant even join a health club today and make friends, This club and their management policies and rude attitudes is no better than the bullys' that hurt defenseless people. You can read the rest of my review that I posted at LA Fitness latest takeover 

in yelp under Golds Gym Orange CA E 17 st. Here is what I wrote today at the old golds location yelp review page from Golds in Orange on E 17 St

This Golds gym on E 17 St in Orange use to be good however, now without any real notification it was taken over by LA Fitness. I use to be a member of LA Fitness at their Orange location at (2.0 star rating 171 Yelp reviews Gyms, Trainers, Yoga
3901 W. Metropolitan Dr.Orange, CA 92868) LA Fitness deserves no stars. LA Fitness has Very bad management and staff policies,very rude people working here. It was a very bad decision at LA Fitness and Golds gym not to explain to their customers that LA Fitness will be taking over and billing their customers now thru LA Fitness without the members authorization. All Customers paid and greed to work out with Golds and not LA Fitness. This LA Fitness and Golds is a breach of any agreements you may have left in place with contractual members and the month to month like me should walk away while we can and I did. I cancelled on May 29, 2018.  LA Fitness took over on June 1, 2018 and I only found out from a Golds gym employee on May 29, 2018 be cause I asked why LA Fitness people are in the hallways. Than an email finally went out like 1 day in advance before the change, give me a break, Than golds gym charges all of us an annual cleaning fee on May 7, 2018 even though the gym closed 3 weeks later, how can you pay in advance for a gyms maintenance cleaning fee for a year when they are closing 3 weeks later, Than the golds gym redeem points program for free membership was not honored by the new gym la fitness. I really liked this Golds gym when it was Golds however I use to be a member of La Fitness at the Block in Orange and it was the worst experience I ever had, in fact I know at minimum 22 other members of LA fitness I met at Golds that also left for similar reasons. LA Fitness has a strange staff and management attitude, if you make friends and train together at the gym they throw you out because they feel they are losing money on training opportunities. Companies that treat good hard working paying clients like this should be boycotted always. Never give in to bullying even if it is corporate. WHy do they think at LA Fitness they can charge 60+ hour to dedicated members who are in amazing shape, better shape than their LA Fitness Trainers would want to learn from inexperienced trainers that cant even do 10 pull ups themselves, give me a break, Well, hopefully my review made sense to all of you. My suggestion only, Don't go here, its now LA Fitness. You need of course to make up your own mind. I cancelled my month to month on May 29, 2018 and redeemed my Golds gym points that I was allowed to do and even though I am not on contract anymore of course I was told I have to come in person to cancel again. "NOT: I am the customer, they are not my bosses. LIKE LA Fitness believes, they think they can resell me to join again. I dont think so. It is like slapping someone in the face in from=nt of your friends and than they expect you to simply forget and than I should ask for more bullying. "NOT". LA Fitness deserves a class action suit to be placed against them based upon the first hand experience I had and experience of others I heard. I never thought I would even be reminded by this horrible company until I walked into Golds and discovered it is now LA Fitness. "YUCK" How demanding and rude they are at LA fitness, just read their reviews for the past 2 years from their orange location near the block it tells the entire story. From my past experience, the staff and management policies regarding their attitude and rudeness is no better than bullying that preys on defenseless people. When you pay good money for a health club you should be able to make friends, dont you agree.


This LA Fitness is straight up trash. Im from Seattle, Wa area and this gym makes the LA Fitness up here look like first class. Dumb bell weights are organized from lowest to highest, mixed all over. Sink and urinal not working. A/C barely working and hard to breathe with barely any ventilation. This gym is garbage.


I left my headphone on one of those cardio machine. When I talked to the manager she told me that no one has turn anything in. She did not even look for it at all. I said can I call in tomorrow to ask if it's found. She says yes! 10 minuets later l asked a cleaning guy and he asked about the discerption of my headphone. As soon as I told him he went right in front of the manager and opened a little closet and hand my headphone to me. I asked the manager why did you even attempt to look for it!! She said I was busy on the phone and came up with bunch of unrelated excuse. If I didn't asked the cleaning guy I would might not have my headphone ever!!!!


I've been Going to this s gym since its been here... But I have to say they have the rudest people working up front.   Never greet you, never say have a good work out, or have a good day when leaving.... Today I called to see if they were still closed due to construction, the girl answered the phone rude, I asked , "are you still closed?" She was "ummmmm yeah" I ask for how long and she said "fri at three" and hung up.    And her tone was way rude, but this is normal.....when I go to the Santa Ana/Tustin LA Fitness, you are greeted with smiles, they say have a good work out, and when you leave, they almost always say have a great day.....it's like they don't care it this gym.   Sad


Still haven't remodel if I could give half of a half star I would this remodel needs to be shut down sold and turned into sown thing else it's so bad

Don't join trust me do not join I'm canceling my plan after my contracts over


If there is 0 score, I'll try to make it as 0! 
Horrible place totally fraud! 
They will lie to you and tell u can cancel at a time without contract. The sales person even deceived he is the manager! bad bad people.


What a waste of money!! I paid my membership in full,  up front for a year.  A personal training session was promised,  NEVER received and every time I asked about it,  "the trainers were busy and would get back to me".. they even took my phone number down to contact me when they were available.. The kid's club is $10.00 a month and comes out of my account automatically.. My membership expired in March and they have continuously taken out of my account every month!! This gym is dirty,  the staff is unfriendly,  unhelpful and rude.  There is no wifi, the class schedule is not geared for people with a job and the instructors in some of the classes do NOT know what they're doing!! Save your money!!


I got a day pass for this gym. Gym was ok but my car got robbed while I was in the gym. Lost everything including my wallet. The gym staff told me they have cameras in the parking lot BUT they want a police report. I just wanted to see if the dude who robbed my car was a member of the gym and they would not help me. Is it that hard to look at a 1 minute video clip? Totally useless.

My car is new and the doors were locked. Which means this is a professional outfit that is scoping out the gym parking lot and using transponders or other professional techniques to get into cars.

YOUR CAR IS NOT SAFE HERE.


I don't think I've ever been here and this gym somehow got my number and keeps calling me without even leaving a message it's confusing and annoying. 

Update: Turns out they were trying to sell something (typical) but it didn't work, bad sales tactic!


The condition of this la fitness has really declined in the last few years. The bathroom are really dirty with toilet paper strewn about and toilet not being flushed. No soap in the dispenser. Many elliptical machine videos does not work. The worse of all is the jacuzzi had a large brown scum floating on top. Really disappointed. I am a 10+ year member. I don't know if I will go here again.


Read the reviews before you sign up for a membership! The place is dirty, overcrowded, and smelly. I was locked into a 6 month membership, so I had to ride it out. I came here mostly after work and it was usually packed and full of people with really really bad BO. Bathrooms are gross. 
Sorry, but it just made the whole experience unpleasant. 

The only perk is that they do have a large parking lot. I also enjoyed their spin class/spin class instructor. So glad my membership ended.
The place is dirty and overcrowded. Getting a workout in during the week is an exercise in patience instead of weights. The place attracts the local high schoolers and some of the college students returning to Mira Mesa. Because of that, the only days the gym has open time is during the mid morning during the week, and afternoon on weekends. If you are looking to workout after work, forget it. Basketball, forget it. One court that is always filled unless you show up mid Saturday. Racket ball courts are pre booked by people so it is an illusion to think you can use one of those with out receiving the boot. Parking, during peek house expect to park a block away. 

Recommendation is for them to add more free weights as that remains constantly crowded. The machines can be brought a touch closer together similar to airline seating to make the room.


Women's locker room is often dirty... today no exception.. Sunday afternoon! Every trash can full, paper everywhere, floors dirty, including hair. Gross! 
I told one of the two guys at the desk...got the answer that he could not do anything , the janitor was coming in 1.5 hours!


6/6/2017
I work down the street. That's why I come here. 
Other than that this is a sad excuse for a gym. Everything's broken. Everything's outdated. They opened this place and never touched a single thing since. 
I emailed corporate and they said they would look into it but that was months ago. 
The weight room is tiny and overcrowded so good luck getting a barbell. The cardio machines are ancient. The cable machines don't pull right and adjusting them is a workout in itself because they're broken. The cable attachments are old and worn out. 
On top of that the bathrooms smell so strongly of chlorine it seeps out into the hallway and I avoid it at all costs. The fill the soap dispensers and hand sanitizer dispensers with 90% water. Which is disgusting and unsanitary. I mean come on. How lazy can you be? 
I really wish they would listen to their members and make some changes. :(

Update: they got a few new things. Kettle bells, steps, new weights and things like that in the main stretching area. I thought maybe things were getting better here and they were starting the clean things up. Then I come in and there's printed paper signs everywhere that says "personal training only". So they got new stuff.. but you can't use it.



This place is literally germ Disneyland. First the flu and now cellulitis. Make sure you guys wipe down the equipment because it's really nasty what they got in there. Use anything in there with caution or just have an impenetrable immune system.


HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I wouldn't give them any stars if I could. I walked in as a guest on my boyfriends account then ended up getting a membership. 

So I signed up about a month ago and the guy helping me out wasn't friendly at all and seemed distracted the whole time. As we moved forward to the payment screen, he charged me $69 then asked me if I wanted to upgrade my membership so it allows me to use multiple locations. So I upgraded and he charged me $79 and stated I'll be refunded the $69 within the next week.

As of today, I had to report the $69 to my bank because they didn't give me a refund! Instead, they called me and told me they'd need to charge $69 on a different card because it wont let them charge on the one they had filed and she stated it never went through a month ago, WHICH I HAVE THE PROOF THEY CHARGED ME TWICE ($79 & $69). I tried to explain to the lady on the phone what had happen the day I signed up and it turns out the guy helping me out messed up everything and they don't know where the $79 went to. LIKE SERIOUSLY. If this problem isn't resolved asap then I'm looking for another gym and demanding a refund for everything. Its ridiculous and very frustrating. Please get a better staff, where they know their stuff and genuinely care about their customers.



