2.0
5/29/2018
Stuff stays broken for a long time. One urinal has been clogged for over 2 weeks full of stale urine with a bag over it. One of the showers on the men's side barely has water coming out. Many of the locker doors are falling off. The remodel helped but it needs more attention.



Terrible experience... First time visiting this particular gym after dropping off my kid at a camp. This place had no hand sanitizer AT ALL!  When I say at all means every single dispenser in the gym, the office, front desk and even (surprisingly) at the kids club.  I had to go back to my car to get one from my car.


1/6/2018
I have been with La Fitness for a number of years. I recently started coming to this location, since I'm down the street. But I have to say it is the messiest La fitness by far. No one re-racks, there's weights all over the floor, even in basketballs courts. And the staff just sits on their computers all day, most likely web browsing. When I can I try to put weights back. They have all the standard equipment,a little outdated but gets the work done. 

Early am, before 6, less crowded. After 5pm it's a mad house. 

Sweat it out folks!



I was at the block so I thought I pop into this gym to see how it is.  It was more crowded than I expected,  but finding parking wasn't too bad if you're willing to walk a little. 

The employees were very helpful; they answered my question and tried to provide a solution. 

Not sure when it was opened, but by the looks of the equipments, I'd say a VERY long time ago.  The equipments were very very old. I thought the treadmill was going to break on me . 

The one thing that irks me is the weight area. The weights were all over the place, it was so hard to find the weight I wanted, it was a nightmare. 

It's going to be a while before I return to this location because it's too far from place and I'm not too fond of it.


7/26/2016
Not a nice gym.. The entire building is dirty and the machines and locker room are run down and smell. The majority of mens lockers are either completely broken or are damaged/vandalized to the point of not being secure. Most have missing coat hooks. Also, whoever thought it's a good idea to add carpeting to any surface inside a locker room should be sent to Mars. At least the front desk lady is nice.


I am only going to this gym to implement the training sessions with my trainer, at another LA Fitness location. (That one is way better)

It's a five minute drive to this location from my house, so there's that. Otherwise I'd have to agree, with everyone else; this place needs an update! Bring it back from the dead! The pool, the equipment, just everything! 

Im so thankful to only have to use the pool, but the showers and locker area need serious work. I won't be showering post workout here, unless they do a makeover.

I don't expect the staff to care or to be friendly or interact with me, so long as they manage to do whatever is needed of them: let me in and answer the appropriate questions pertaining to the facility if ever I have them.

For now this place will have to do, and until then, I hope remodeling. makeovers are in the works. I'm pretty sure it'll end up closing or running itself until its combusted, otherwise....


I tried it for two weeks, and enjoyed the sauna, the pool, and the hot tub.

I hated everything else.

Their weight-lifting stations are dated, and the corner of the gym reserved for free weights is too small...to the point where it's potentially dangerous, because it's impossible to avoid bumping into anyone carrying plates or barbells.

Very disappointing experience.


Poorly maintained. Damaged shower heads.  Restroom door cannot be fully closed, hanger next to shower damaged. All these broken never got fixed. 

It feels an outdated gym that should have been closed.


Have to give this particular location 2 stars for the following reasons.

1. Showers have been in some form of repair for one reason or another for over a month. Causes a line for the shower in the morning when guys need to get cleaned up and out the door to work.

2. They water down the soap in the dispensers. This is not sanitary. If you want to save money just stop offering it and force people to bring their own.

3. Despite that there's a repair man working on machines regularly, some of the machines just need a flat out overhaul. Cables don't track smoothly on a handful of machines, and telling the front desk doesn't affect change.

Seems like the owner of this location is cutting corners. Others locations don't have this many  problems.


This location is one of the newer locations. The equipment is outdated and unkept. The only thing I like about this location is the basketball crowd that's plays in the mornings and afternoon. Other than that I would recommend the 24hr Fitness in UTC. The equipment there is amazing.


The good: locations close to my house and to my office. Relatively cheap thanks to a discount via my health insurance. Good selection of equipment that is usually well-maintained. On site nice snack bar is convenient. The bad: like most big gyms, pretty crowded at certain times. Locker rooms are in much poorer condition than LA Fitness locations I've been to in other cities (numerous broken locker doors, leaky ceilings, perpetually empty paper towel dispensers).  Horrible and small selection of music and ads on short rotation. They want you to watch a video over a minute long to access their crappy wifi; no thanks. 

I see others have commented on customer service; my primary customer contact was when I took their "free fitness assessment" test which turned out to be a sales pitch for an overpriced trainer. Since then, I've had no contact with them, which is fine with me.  Staff at the Shawline location front desk are noticeably friendlier when I walk in.


Living really close to an LA Fitness was one of the main reasons I signed up as a member. They have plenty of equipment whether you're wanting to lift weights, do some cardio, or just lay down a mat and do some stretching. They also offer plenty of classes available to members. 

The staff is just okay. I've been to different gyms where the staff is very welcoming and seem to enjoy their job. At LA Fitness, however, their sole purpose that the front desk seems to just check people in and out and wait for their shift to be over. Even the employees who help you enroll in a membership seem bored out of their minds. 

The cleanliness of the place needs work, though it's mostly due to the laziness of other members who don't bother to clean up after themselves and put equipment away.



