3.0
This location is okay. They're right off the 22 freeway and located at The Outlets at Orange. The upside is that there is a ton if parking. 

The machines and equipment are standard-issue for LA Fitness. It gets pretty busy and he large parking fills up pretty quickly after 4. Upstairs you have cardio machines on the balcony overlooking the central weight-machine area. The location doesn't have all the machines one would want when doing a full chest/upper body day. However, what machines and benches they have they have multiples of with exceptions of course. 

The front staff actually greet you so that's a big plus. The locker rooms are so-so in terms of cleanliness but I suspect it's more due to heavy traffic than lack of upkeep. The lockers are a little small compared to the ones in Irvine and it could be because they wanted to fit more into the space.

Overall, not the best location to get a pump in but not bad. Just a decently solid gym.


This LA Fitness location is small and outdated. I use this location once a month when I have a monthly seminar near by. Machines are old and outdated, but do the job. The locker rooms are small as well. The lockers are two small and hard to fit my gym bag and purse in. The showers aren't made. It is clean but old. I would be sad if this was my home location. LA Fitness should really update this location.


I been a member with LA fitness for several years and never complained once. This facility is 6/10 compared to all the other ones I been to. 
There are loads of free weight machines to use. They aren't the newest but can still get the job done. It's a pretty clean gym. It might look dirty because it is an older one. 
The worst part about this gym is the flooring in the free weigh area!!! I am shocked that cooperate actually is getting away with this. Also how has no one gotten hurt yet! I've been coming to this  gym for several months now and know about the floor, but I still find myself stumbling on it. 
It's extremely dangerous especially when you are carrying heavy weights in your hands. It's easy to trip and fall. LA fitness needs to take immediate action to fix this problem before someone gets hurt. 
I have gone to this gym in the morning and the staff they have there is great. The lady at the front desk is very cheerful and knows how to brighten up people's mornings up! 
Cheers!


Nice, clean, uncrowded gym - but not much to set apart from many other LA Fitnesses except location.


Well Here is another Fitness Gym !! I like coming here because LA Fitness Is less crowded then 24 Hour and you most of the time don't have to wait for a Machine and LA Fitness has all your exercise Machines and they have Classes for you to take such as Yoga and Cycling and plus they have lots of weights for you to build your muscles . Inside LA Fitness is a Cafe also but most of the time when I come here there is no one behind the counter of the cafe . I think they are remodeling !! Also they got Racquet Ball Courts plus Treadmills plus Basketball Court for you to shoot those hoops . Also they got an indoor Swimming Pool and showers for you to use . This LA Fitness is Usely not as busy as the others and the Parking Lot is big so there is plenty of Parking . What I notice is this LA Fitness has a little different machines then the others but I do enjoy coming here . Less Crowded . My experience is ok so far and I shall return and exercise on !!!


Love this location mainly because it's 10 minutes away from my house. I usually come here on my days off or if I'm working a super late shift. I go here and 24 Hour but I prefer LA Fitness over 24 hour just because the sauna isn't co-ed. 

It gets EXTREMELY crowded here during the middle of the week around 5 ish. One time it took me 15 minutes to find parking. And parking here is usually not a problem.


Ahhh... finally decided to do the infamous "New Years Resolution"  to join a gym and work out consistently.   I had been working out with a personal trainer at a different gym but decided to look for a place that was a little less expensive.  

The outside of the building looks nice and spacious with a huge private lot, so parking was never an issue.  When I went inside, the front desk directed me to the sales manager.  I told him that I wanted to redeem a 5 day guest pass to see if I would like it here.  As we sat there I had to fill out a questionnaire about my goals and fitness background.   I'm in sales too, so I get it but all I really wanted to do was use my trial pass.  Long story short, I got a little irritated with the long sales pitch but decided to join anyways because the location was convenient and the price was reasonable.

LA Fitness offers month to month plans, you pay first and last month upfront and initiation fee.  The building is nice and spacious with an indoor pool, racket ball courts, basketball court, spin cycle room and a open room upstairs for group classes.  They also offer childcare for certain hours for those who have mini me's.

I wish the building had better air circulation.  It always had a thick sweaty musk smell upon entering :/  It can get pretty busy here during peak hours around 4pm- 7pm.  I preferred to go when the crowd died down around 9pm.  There's more space to move around and no waiting to use the machines.  I also wish there were more  sanitary stations around to wipe down equipment after use.  A lot of the equipment here are pretty worn but still function ok.  The free weights room is a bit small, so it can get crowded at times.  

The evening staff were nice and friendly.  If you need help and see a trainer around, they're very approachable if you have questions.  No need to be intimidated if it's your first time at a gym... you'll see all types of fitness levels working out here.  Everyone here seems to be pretty chill and do their own thing.

I recently moved out of the area and needed to cancel my membership.  Initially, I tried calling but was told that I needed to physically come in to cancel with the manager.  I assume this is done to try to save the membership... I think the manager normally works 9-6, so it was hard for me to find time to come because I usually work the same hours.  

I've heard that LA Fitness has spent millions renovating other locations.  Hopefully the company can give the Sorrento Valley location the same type of attention one day.  This place has so much potential, it just needs a face lift with newer equipment, expanded weight room, and better air circulation.


This fitness has been around for a while now so it is showing sign of age....I feel like they need to swap our their machines or replace them? We have a membership here because it is close by and convenient for us.

So other major complaint, just maybe for what we pay, they can slowly upgrade some items within the gym.

Also, I suggest that they should have free WIFI throughout the gym!


3 stars for not keeping the women's locker room and bathroom clean. No toilet paper in stalls or paper towels. Papers all on the floor. All trash cans were filled to the top and it was only 11 am on a Sunday. I complained to front desk before working out and by the time I was done an hour and half later it STILL was not cleaned. With all the membership fees I'm sure they can hire someone to keep it clean and check on a regular basis.


Location is everything when it comes to a gym. The more convenient it is, the more likely you will go.

For me, the only real reason I like this gym is because it's close to my house, ergo I go more often.

But here are some of my observations so far:

Pros:
Racquetball courts (although it cost $5 to rent balls)
High ceiling for the main floor 
Large area taped off for recreational use
Separate male/female saunas  
Gym noobs (such as myself) feel less intimidated 
Cafe inside the gym (The cafe owner passed out a sample smoothie once!)

Cons:
Bathrooms aren't all that clean
Bathroom is a bit on the small side
Swimming pool seems a bit dated and not always the cleanest 
Front desk staff don't really care about the gym or you (at least that's the vibe I get)

If you live in this area, it's worth while checking it out. Esp since the parking for the UTC 24 hour is still under construction.



