4.0
Shout out to Eric the front desk receptionist with second to none on customer service. He is always in great spirit and did a great job at answering all the questions I had


I actually like this gym a lot. I live around here for 8 years ish and always had 24 hr. When I started commuting to LA for work, I joined LA fitness because it was across the street from my work. Now that I've moved back home, I love that when I come around 8-10pm (so far) and on weekends, it has never been overwhelmingly packed. The worst thing about this gym is limited dumbbells. Also, one distinguishing difference between LA fitness and 24 hr fitness is that LA fitness has a lot of tvs. Not this one particularly but the other La fitnesses I've been to has a tv to each of their cardio machines. But anyways back to this gym specifically. Love the spaciousness and level of cardio and bottom level weights and machines. Not too shabby. Also not as popular as other gyms


Husband and I have been members for about a year and a half. I like this gym because people are generally there to actually work out, not to socialize and hit on each other. The equipment is in good shape, and they constantly have an employee who works on anything out of order and performing PMs. Cleanliness is a bit of an issue still, there are a few stations throughout the entire facility that has paper towels and hand sanitizer, but the towels are often empty and almost no one gets up and actually uses them.

The instructors for the classes are pretty fabulous. And it is cool to see that they actually work out in the gym as well.

Front desk staff are generally pretty polite and helpful. However, the sales staff tend to hang around the doorway, in the way, loudly shooting the breeze.


Each time I've entered this L.A fitness to earn my burn I'm greeted by the team member, scan my membership and on my way to sculpting my mass lol
The gym is not very crowded, free weights are readily available and paper towel dispenser and sanitizers are always filled (major plus when you need to wipe down the equipment)
There is numerous amounts of olypticals, treadmills and bikes to get those calories outta your system.
I go late afternoon and seems like everyone is focused and wanting that one last rep.
All I have to do is just be consistent with my visits


I started coming here a lot since I moved to South Corona.  I think it's very powerlifting friendly since they have adjustable squat racks (so you can actually squat to depth) and round plates for deadlifting.. not those hex plates.  It also doesn't get as crowded as other commercial gyms that I used to go to.  At my old gym, it can be hard to get a bench on bench press day when people are all over it like flies on shit.

I also really like the bootcamp class taught on wednesdays by Miguel.  We get to punch the bags in his class and I always get a good cardio workout in that class.  It also helps that the class usually starts 10-15 min later than scheduled since I have to battle traffic on the 15 freeway after work just to get to the gym on time for the class.


It seems that people just love to complain about every little thing...  I'll debunk a handful of the things addressed. 

Parking... I usually come mon-fri at 5pm so its peak time. I never park further than the third row down. There's several rows more...

It stinks? Again, I come at 5pm mon-fri..I never smell anything. So idk what these people are talking about

I use the treadmil primarily and I never have to wait to use one. 

+There's about 120 lockers so theres plenty. 

Watered down soap? No problem just put some more. In the showers there are "soap dispensers". I don't quite understand why there would be a hand soap dispenser. Maybe it's body wash? Yes it's watered down. But why complain about that? I don't think it's the gyms responsibility to provide this in the shower at all. I see it as a convenience in case you forget yours. 

The only downside is the restrooms or more specifically the toilet stalls. They can def use an upgrade and be cleaned more often.


I'm surprised I pass by this gym all the time and I didn't even know it was there.

The parking lot is huge. The location is secluded.

I always wanted to play basketball at the gym and everywhere it is busy but here it was basically empty! So much fun. You can get a ball at the front desk.

Some of the equipment is old but I feel like it still does the job and there is a lot of equipment and the space is open. 

I went on a Saturday afternoon and it was not busy at all.


I like the gym a lot. I just wish they would stay open later on weekdays and weekends. They really need to extend the hours. 24hr fitness has the edge on them as far as hours go. I know its the company that decides the hours but damn it would be nice to get a workout late night some times.



