5.0
This gym is all that and a bag of chips. The heck with you all, I'm giving this place 5 stars! 

Big shout out to the wonderful staff at LA Fitness for the tour of this kick-ass facility. After showing me around I knew this was the place I wanted to get my pump on for the week while I was in town. Hey, gotta stay fit and burn off all those west coast calories I was going to consume between Disneyland, a wedding, and partying in LA!

The heat wave had been brutal with temps over 100° all week, but the gym is fully air conditioned, and had been recently renovated and refurbished with an amazing array of equipment. Clean, airy, bright, packed with new machines, weighs, racks, cardio, etc. Multi-level with the cardio on upstairs balconies overlooking the main floor. Fitness classes, basketball court, and a smoothie bar with supplements and food items too.

I encountered none of the problems many others complained here about. The locker room was clean and in working order, the weights were racked and organized, and I did not see any broken equipment. Everything looked clean. Perhaps the recent renovation worked wonders as it seems many of the older one and two star reviews here are not applicable anymore. Yet, even some of the more recent bad reviews seem kind of shady. Just my opinion.

Perfect for staying fit while away from home. I highly recommend coming here to train. Ask for Saul or Mark, some great guys that took care of me. If looking for a membership talk to them.


This is a long over due review and I am not sure what has been my delay. This has been my gym for almost 6 years or so. I love Lisa and Felisha and of course Adele's classes. This is the only gym in Southern Cali. that offers a wet sauna room. Love it! I feel like my pores are being detoxed. Love the pool. This gym is in the middle of the orange crush.

A very easy freeway access. I am unclear for the low reviews from other yelper's. I have been coming to this gym for years and its pretty consistent with its maintenance and house keep. I have only witness one girl cat ghetto verbal fight in the girls locker room. Also I have witness one young latino young man accidentally walk into the girls locker room. How ever after throwing my boomerang shoes at him of course he ran away. I think it was an accident because I never saw him again (lol). Otherwise I do feel safe. 

I have come to this gym at all hours of the day and night and the best time is around 3ish. but then again I prefer taking classes rather then working on the machines.  

Bring your own blow dryer because that is a mystery how they decide if to put it out or not. So I pack my own just to be on the safe side.

I am so glad this gym is close to me and that Lisa, Felisha and Adele are still teaching body toning and cardio kickboxing. Those are some of my top favorite classes. So be sure to check them out. Adele is low impact in the event you have injuries like I do. Lisa is middle to advance and Felisha is really advance. 

Lots of easy parking and lots of security at all hours of the day and night. Again I feel very safe and this gym is pretty clean.


Great gym! Just started going but definitely love that staff. Always friendly, helpful and awesome! Special shout-out to the guy who signed me and my friend up @marc.


Love this gym. Looks so nice after the remodel. 
Love that it has a steam room as opposed to a sauna all of the other locations have.


Back to the gym. They renovated the entire gym. Looks great and all updated new machines. Ive always enjoyed this gym. Good customer service, plenty of space and machines to work out with. This gym has been around a long time and I recommend them.


Garrett was so awesome, the gym was so awesome! It's remodeled beautifully! Definitely recommend joining!


6/21/2018
My and and myself wanted to 24 hour fitness to try out a 1 day free guest pass and they wouldn't not let us work out if we didn't pay the 25$ day fee.  So went to this LA fitness and and spoke with Garret who let us work out for two days with no charge.  This is definitely the customer service a gym should offer.



The manager Brianna is very polite and always is helpful to members. Every time I see her she says hello and genuinely cares about the well being of the club. She is always doing something proactive to improve the gym. The club is always clean and the basketball court is in excellent condition.


Love this place! The staff is really helpful and cater's to your needs, Talin is the manager and he has helped me a lot throughout my fitness journey. I have been coming to this gym for years and have seen it evolve into a family oriented, friendly, fun environment!


LA fitness is awesome but when I first signed up I felt shy because I had no clue what I was doing! Then I met one of the trainers Talon he is amazing in just one session I learn so much, and I was sore for a week! He made me feel confident and now I walk in there every day feeling motivated.  Thanks Talon you're the best!


This is a Gym, not a day spa.
I have been training at this club on and off for about 5-6 years dependent on where I live. Unfortunately there are no locations in PB nor SF. 
Colby has always done a great job making sure his representatives are actively greeting and welcoming. 
Chad is the man with the plan. I've noticed that he always provides a great customer experience with guest during tours, as well as finding a suitable membership for new members.
The evening staff has been extremely friendly and welcoming. 
Kenny G. is always prepared to scan you in, on his feet ready to greet. 
Caesar and the evening cleaning team tend to do a better job tending the gym  than the day team.  i.e. Paper towels stocked, keeping the free weight area clean and wiping it down.
The evening staff (Service, Sales, and Cleaning) are definitely carrying the team. Seems like it's back day everyday for them...  
Keep it up!


I have been coming to this gym for about 4 years now and still going. It honestly gets pretty busy during the times everyone gets off and it's sucks, so you basically have to try and get there early or really late. I honestly wish they were open a bit later than usual, like 12. But oh well. The best thing about my membership with LA Fitness is that you pay a certain amount for your membership just for you but you could also go in the route of getting a membership and being able to bring 2 other people with you. It's a good and bad thing, it's good if you always work out with that person. Bad if you're not the main person in the membership and you're trying to go but can't, but they do give you a pass for 2 weeks to go on your own whenever you need to go.


Wanted to write this review specifically to call out an employee for outstanding service. As a guest of a member yesterday I encountered Chad Dickey at the front desk. Although I was visiting the location and was unable to join at the time, essentially not benefiting the gym or him personally, he still took the time to do a thorough tour of the facility and speak to meet about the company. He was professional, courteous, and represented your brand very well. As such, when a location opens near me I'll definitely be popping in.


LA Fitness is my home. I've been here for 6 years. They have everything you need in a gym. The machines and weight room is very organized and they have a sauna. The workers are all friendly and helpful. Great place to get your gains



