1.0
If i could give this place a zero i would. Booked a 60min massage and "facial massage" for my husband. His therapist didnt seem to know what she was doing. To top it off, his "facial massage" was a wet paper towel on his face. Horrible costumer service, would not recommend.  Thanks for ruining my fathers day gift!

My boyfriend and I went here for Valentine's day. The front desk people were nice. Our massage should have started at 11:00..... and they took us back at 11:05. They then left the room for 10 minutes for us to get undressed. This all counted as our hour massage! My lady was pregnant and could not move around me very well. My boyfriend got a hot towel on his face and the main body parts massaged. I never got a hot towel nor did my lady ever touch my arms. They stopped 5 minutes early so we could get dressed. So really we only got a 40 minutes massage... awesome. I told the front desk lady about my lack of massage and all she said was "you should get a full body massage because that's what you paid for but sorry". Then we had to ask for our rose and chocolates even though they should have been waiting for us in the room. When I left a comment on the website, they called me and left a voicemail. On the voicemail, the call back number did not have enough digits.. real professional. I will not be back. Also, there is a girl named Savanna there who I worked with in high school, has worked almost everywhere in Omaha, and steals from anyone! Massage heights clearly does not background check their employee's. Watch out!

I literally just got back from this place.  Thur night 10/08/15, my appointment was for 8pm.  

I gave this place a great review earlier for not having the sleaze factor(the pressure pitch, ect) of the other massage chain(you know who you are).  I guess I was wrong.

Last time, I didn't get my hot rocks elevation(included with my membership every month), I just chucked it to oversight.

When I booked tonight, I informed of it, and hesitantly, she said she'll give it as a freebie(for what I was entitled for?).  I let it go.

I was charged for it tonight.   I chucking it again for being overcharged $20..  I didn't want to complete ruin what's of my day by feeling agitated for $20.

So it costed me a medium pizza.  They however, lost much more than $20 for loosing this customer.

No issue with my therapist tonight.

If you can STAY AWAY!!!! unfortunately not so much due to the musses, but the new owner its simply as horrible, unethical, unprofessional as you could possibly get!! It started with my first visit I was referred there by a coworker got my massage and the person was pretty good came out to pay and until that point the experience had been ok. Then comes the the question "would you like to become a member?) and I expected that so since the massage was pretty good I did consider it. Then comes the ok " the contract is for 1 yr." wow wait 1 yr.? Ok so what happens if things change could I cancel at any time? Answer "no it's a contract for 1 yr. only if you move over 25 miles away or you get Dr.'s note" ok well how about if the person I like leaves for a reason or another? Also ( as I'm reading a pamphlet on the counter) this states the contract could be for 6 months or 1 yr.!  "Oh well the new owner only wants us to offer 1 yr. contract"  wait what? This is a Franchise he can't change whats printed by the franchise and cooperation! 
In summary called corporate left Vm 

Fast forward to 5 days later I needed to get my body on tract I was in pain! Due to neck and back pain so before I left the first visit I asked Alexis do you recommend someone else just in case the lady is not available? " oh yes so and so" will be good since you know exactly what you want she is pretty good!  Ok then I'll make an appt with her comes appt time 10 min into message I thought ok this is absolutely 110% is NOT WHAT I WANT!!! I asked the messues if she read y paperwork and saw pressure amount I liked and answer was NO at the time I cancelled massage it was not worth my time and money for something that was not going to do absolutely anything for me!

Fastfoward to the most unethical, shady owners not even a Im sorry that should've happened! Absolutely nothing the answer was not every messue is the same and its your fault for not making an appt with the same person loooong story short I would absolutely be very careful with this location and be ware of their unethical ways!!
Many other  things happened too much for a review!

Just be careful go some where else

So now this company charged my credit card for no reason $59.99 I will be reporting them to the better business bureau and my lawyer is review this to see if a lawsuit could take place. Also I reached out to the feedback people right away since they replied with pls email us and Tht's what I did 4 days later no word from them!

This location has horrible customer service.  I drive 45 minutes to this location so me and my cousins can have a massage day once a month.  And once I arrive, I find out that my therapist called in sick.  
We're canceling our membership now but only have 3 months to use up our remaining credits.  Now the employees book our appointments on the wrong days and we get charged for not showing up.
I'll take my credits to a different location.  Too bad I won't be able to have massafe days with my cousins any more.

This place has really gone downhill, and it's not just a little bit, it's a steep steep drop. We live in the area and we have been members here for years. It used to be great--great customer service, great masseuses, and at a decent price. ALL of that has changed. 

1. The great masseuses that we've worked with are gone. All of them. That sends a loud message to the customer that something's off. Would you keep going back to a hair salon just to get a different stylist every time? Same goes here. 
2. Customer service people out front are rude and unpleasant. We came in and told the assistant manager we would like to cancel our membership. First thing she's says: you have to give us 30 day notice per the contract you signed and you can't cancel until you speak with the manager and she approves. Um, what?!?! This is a service that we PAY FOR. Why do we have to get "approval" to cancel?! And 30 day notice?! This isn't an apt lease! JUST ridiculous. 
3. $20 price increase for the monthly members pushing it to $70 a month. For this kinda of treatment? No thanks! There's a lot of competitive places offering better pricing and better service. Do not waste your money here.

Not a place I would recommend.  I've been putting off my review because I hate giving negative reviews.  I made an appointment during spaweek a few months ago since I also had a gift card and was in need of a massage.  I was schedule for a Wednesday appointment at 5pm.  I came a little earlier to fill out paper work like they recommend.  Once I was done my masseuse, Eddie (I think that's the name), was ready for me.  

She walked me to my room and had me undress to my comfort level.  She also had my choose my preference of essential oil, in which I choose eucalyptus and lavender.  We chatted for a bit on what I needed and what to stay away from (lower back specifically).  Right after is when it all went wrong.  

I specifically stated for her to not work on my lower back.  She kept pushing on it asking if that was the spot.  The hell?  Not just once, twice, but like an actual massaged on my lower back and kept touching it.  It was like as if she was mocking me.  She did my upper back, shoulders and neck but not very hard and was super weak.  It was more like just a rub.  I even told her she can use more pressure but she did not.  Then she asked if I wanted the complementary yelp "check-in offer".  It was a foot scrub.  I should have just said no because she spent so much of my time doing the stupid foot scrub.  She didn't even get to my arms at all.  And the back of my legs got worked on but not the front.  Tipped her $20 still and left unhappy and still sore. 

I get massages pretty often and go to day spas at least once a month.  This is by far one of the worst masseuse I have ever come across.  Sorry Massage Height, I am not coming back.  Please also stop spamming me with your emails.

The worst massage I have ever had in my life. Receptionist was friendly, place was clean but massage was such a negative experience. My wife booked us appointments to relax before the holidays and rather than going out of town relaxed and stress free, I went home in pain and dissatisfied.  Cannot recommend and would not get paid to come back for a second visit.

We gave it a good try but this facility fell way short. The therapists were lacking in professional ability, burnt by the hot rocks, kept on the stomach the whole 90 minutes, no concern just want to vacate the room for another guest. Went to cancel membership and would not refund our balance. Save yourself the money. Don't use this business. I have filed a formal request with bbb.

I gave them two stars because I did schedule this the same day, otherwise I would give them one. I sat in the waiting room for 30 min before they finally told me the therapist they had schedule for me wasn't coming in anymore. Not sure why they would book something and tell me to come in just to wait in their waiting room. Very unprofessional and the worst experience I have ever had. Never mind, I'm giving them one star.
