2.0
This is the first time here for my wife for her stress relief being she's pregnant. Wow pay for a 60 minute and finish up at 40 minute before the time was even up. She wasn't disappointment about the message but the time was just not right as this is her first visit and will probably be her last time. So before you come to this location please check out the clock in and out for your service messaging time, you could end up paying for more then what you get. Sorry but this won't be a service I recommend to anyone else.

My husband went to Massage Heights, Chino Hills.  The therapist wore rubber gloves!  We have had our memberships for over 4 years and this has never happened.  We will continue commuting to Newport Beach for our massages!

12/11/2017   Updated review
The quality of massages here has really gone downhill. I have even reviewed before with nothing but great things to say. But man, it's been bad. The great massage therapists I have had have been leaving. They have all quit and I have been searching for months for a new therapist. I used to have just anyone, but every single new therapist I have had is ridiculous and not up to the standards of what this place used to be.  It's like they are letting just anyone get hired in I feel like. I can't believe the lack of professionalism and lack of basic technique these new therapists have. I have been a member here for a while and I unfortunately had to make the decision to quit after going months searching for a good therapist. They all have quit and moved on. 

Some pros, however, is that the cleanliness of the spa is always at par. And the linens used are 10x better than Glen Ivy. 

Other than that, I just hope that they do a better job hiring their therapists. Good luck to the spa, but I simply cannot pay for the service I've been getting for my last 10 massages.

Would've like to have given this place a try except EVERY time I try to make an appointment they are 3,4 even 5 days booked out. Come on, hire more therapist if your that busy. I can get an appointment with ANY other place within a day or 2.

A couple of things: if you come in at a non member rate, pricing is $119 for an hour...pretty pricey, but it is what it is.

Second, signed up for a membership..six months, for six massages. Just left an apt and had to pay a member rate for the massage because my billing hadn't gone through yet. They don't tell you this when you sign up and they're walking you through the membership. Effectively, your billing cycle begins when you sign up, so, for my example, my monthly billing cycle begins on the 14th of each month and goes to the next 14th in the following month.

Basically, don't get a massage until AFTER your billing cycle goes through because you'll get charged for the massage, and still have to pay your monthly. 

Felt a bit lame that they wouldn't explain or honor the membership and just apply the payment, but if you're reading this, at least you won't make the same mistake.

Pretty disappointed.

The massage therapist was great. However my low rating is due to the front desk. The male receptionist was unprofessional and demeaning. For my visit, I received the introductory price on my massage, which was $49.99. Upon checkout, the male receptionist in front of the entire staff and other three other guest waiting had the audacity to tell me "you know the tip should be based on the $100 value of the massage." I was in shock and embarrassed. I left a 20% tip based on the $50.00 massage I received and thought that was fair. I have never been asked to leave a higher tip in my life; especially when the amount was fair. I will not be returning to this location.

Tanya is really pleasant I liked her a it and she gave a really nice relaxing facial. I give her 5 stars. Massage heights could work on the reception desk and on the way they conduct themselves on the phone. I did the $60 intro massage only to find out they overcharged me by $10 and didn't give me the full treatment that they were promoting for "spa week". That to me is dishonest. So I won't be returning. I found that regular price and packages are extremely high. Actually I'm better off going to an actual dermatologist and having a medical grade Facial at the same price right. Correction, the medical grade is cheaper!! Dermalogica is a good line, but it is a one size fits all. Not specific to someone with sensitive skin such as myself.

My husband and I were visiting friends in Irvine and decided for our anniversary to get a couples massage. I had a women and my husband had a guy as masseuses. We had very different experiences. My masseuse did an excellent job. I can tell she had a lot of experience and I appreciated that. However, my husbands masseuse seemed young and inexperienced. Before the massage, he asked my husband if he had any problem areas. My husband stated his back but told him he wants a full body massage not just his back. His masseuse only did his back. He didn't do anything else. He was disappointed and said he'll never go back when we're in town again.

This review is strictly for the management and business practices. 

1) They pressure you to purchase a subscription even though you decline respectfully- they keep pressuring you and trying to sell you. Very obnoxious, kiss your relaxing massage goodbye. 

2) I called to get a quote for massage, booked the appointment and when I arrived they tried to charge me significantly more than what I was quoted for. Such shady business practices, it soured my entire experience. 

If they had a more professional and ethically conscious management I believe this place could do much better.

My therapist was sweet and good. I felt like I had to listen to a time share sell after I left which was really annoying. They were super salesman-ish. Kinda annoying after a relaxing massage.

I've now has several massages here.  The facility is nice and clean but the massage therapists leave a lot to be desired.   If I wanted to pay someone to rub lotion into my skin for an hour it would be great.  I've mentioned several times that they can actually massage me and they don't.  Yesterday I was there for an hour.  The therapist asked if I have problem areas.  I was very specific and asked her to spend some extra time on my neck.   If she spent more than 3 min on my neck it would be a lot.  Yes there is a clock on the wall and yes I did pay attention because of my past experiences there.  Needless to say I probably won't be back.

The best thing about this place is that it's relatively cheap for a spa massage. The therapist I had seemed to be putting in hardly any effort. The massage just wasn't enjoyable. The front desk staff was very nice and professional.  I might come back and try another therapist, because from reading the other reviews  it looks like there might be some good therapists here.

Went here for an introductory massage.  Massage was okay --- not the best, not the worst, but about what one might expect I suppose for $39.99.  The place doesn't have showers or changing facilities and isn't the cleanest.  It's more like a place you might find along Ventura Blvd in the Valley vs what you might expect to find in Westlake Village.  At the end of the massage, a person at the front desk tried to put the hard sell on me to sign up for a monthly membership.  That turned me off as I went to the place to relax, not for a sales pitch.   For a little more money, there are nicer places for massage in Westlake Village.


