3.0
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. First time at Massage Heights, The Shoppes of Chino Hills.

5 stars for my massage therapist, Diane. Absolutely loved her. 

It goes downhill from there. I called a couple of times to ask questions and to schedule an appointment. Each time, I experienced long hold times and on one of the calls I was interrupted and placed on hold multiple times.

The morning of my appointment I needed to reschedule and was unable to because they would charge the full session fee to do so. Alexis was short/rude and said I had been told this when I had made my appointment. Perhaps if I had not been interrupted and put on hold multiple times, I would have understood.

I went to my session at the originally scheduled time and was greeted by Christine. She was fine. So I let go of the bad feelings I had about Alexis and had my massage. As previously stated, Diane is wonderful. I cannot say enough about her, my massage and entire experience with her was the best. 

Unfortunately, I then go out to take care of my bill and Alexis was back at the front desk. She was just as unpleasant in person as on the phone. She didn't smile once. I was trying to pull up my gift card number on my phone and was not getting good cell service so I asked her politely if it wasn't in the reservation because at the time I made it, I was asked for it. She very curtly said no and didn't seem to look for it. Christine then agreed there was bad cell service in there and tried to be nice. I asked if I could step outside to pull it up and Christine said yes. I stepped out for a few seconds and brought the gift card up. Came back in and presented it to Alexis. Still no thank you, no sorry there's no service, no sorry we didn't have in the records even though you were asked for it, nothing. Her name tag says she is site director. Not sure how she can be in "management" if she can even handle the pleasantries of being at the front desk.

Ultimately this is a massage place. The massage part was excellent. I gave it 3 stars for the whole experience.

Massage was still good, although I am not a fan of their overall business model. They should have a straight fee plan for members and one for non members which is easy to understand. I paid a non member price prior to my service and let them know I would be leaving right after my massage, but they still approached me with a brochure after my service. I politely refused as told them they had already given me a brochure on my previous visit. The last thing I want to do after a relaxing massage is be confronted with a sales pitch for a monthly massage membership program.

They did call me a week later to see how my experience was which was nice. Listed below are the thoughts I shared with them and what I learned from our conversation.

First off, it was not until I got into my car after my massage that I realized I was in and out of my car in exactly one hour and 5 minutes (I arrived 5 minutes early to check in and pay).  I inquired about why my massage was shorter than an hour when I booked an hour, I found out an hour massage is really only 50 minutes, they should call it a 50 minute massage/1 hour service, not a one hour massage. If booking over the phone they should explain how much time is spent in actual massage.

Next, prices fluctuate pretty widely based on introductory pricing, non membership and membership pricing.  After the introductory rates, pricing is on the high end of what I am willing to pay for the quality of the environment compared to getting a massage at an actual spa and being able to use spa amenities. 

Lastly, monthly membership packages are highly encouraged, it just does not gel with my schedule/ lifestyle.  I am not one to book appointments way in advance, rather I use services on an as need basis.  Seeing that my last massage here was about 5 months ago, a monthly plan definitely would not work for me.

The massage rooms were nice. Dim lighting, tranquil music, and a warm bed. 

I thought the massage I received was good, but since this was my very first massage, I don't have anything to compare it to. I did feel pretty relaxed tho... Wish I could have taken a nap afterwards.

One thing I didn't like was that the receptionist looked a little peeved when I did not purchase their membership program... kinda unprofessional. But overall, good experience.

This review is more like 3.5 stars, but I just couldn't think of enough to make it 4.  This location is situated in the West Park Plaza right next door to BofA and Rite Aid.  The atmosphere is friendly and welcoming.  The lobby is filled with products that they sell, but everything feels very zen.  Once your meet your therapist, you walk through the main door into the massage area.  Their are about 10 rooms including a couples room (where we had our massage).  The ambiance in each room is quite nice... Dim lighting, soft music and soft bedding.  

The front staff is nice enough, but they are also the sales people on packages.  They didn't give my husband and me the hard sell and I REALLY appreciated that.  The massage staff varies, but you can definitely request a therapist if you'd like.  For this particular massage, we had Hernan and Cecily.  Both my husband and I booked an intro massage because we wanted to see what this place was all about before diving in to the subscription service.  I told my therapist that I was looking to just have something relaxing and my husband told his therapist that he preferred the deep tissue.  Both of us left wanting a little bit more.  It seemed that my therapist, Hernan, wanted to focus more on my shoulders and back rather than the full body experience.  He also ignored my body sheet and massaged an area that I didn't really want massaged... It wasn't awful, but what's the point of having the sheet if you're not even going to follow it?  My husband requested more pressure, but still didn't get as much as he would have liked.

All in all, not a horrible time.  We've had plenty of fantastic massages, so I couldn't say that this was up there.  If you're looking to get a cheap quick massage, then this might be for you. 

Pros:
-Great Price
-Nice Ambiance
-Nice Staff

Cons:
-Ok massage therapists
-Sales pitch at the end of your massage

Tips:
-Be polite and tell them you're not interested... They are very understanding.
-Describe your expectations to your therapist IN DETAIL


