4.0
First thing first, the location is great for me. I called Friday for an appt on Saturday and they got me an appt right away! 

My massage therapist was Matthew. I was his first client of the day and the front desk never informed him my massage included hot stones. So, he had to mess around with those for a little bit. However, to make up for this he added an extra 30 minutes without charging me. At the end, it was worth it.

When I said deep tissue massage he was not messing around. It was great. I walked out feeling so calm. Overall, great experience from beginning to end. I would like to say that they're a little pricey though, so just watch your prices.

Got a couples hot stone massage. Recommend looking for a Groupon first. They ladies we had were really thorough and got our kinks and knots out. They were nice and pleasant. I would go back and recommend to others. Front office staff were friendly as well.

I was traveling for business and stayed overnight in Omaha and was very happy to find a Massage Heights as I am a member back home. 

My massage therapist was very nice and did a great job and I felt much better at the conclusion of the massage. 

My only feedback for improvement would be for the retreat manager to inform his/her staff to NOT wear sneakers. When my therapist was walking around my table it sounded as if I was on a basketball court receiving a massage because of the constant noise the shoes were making when she was walking on the hard surfaced floor.

I've been coming to massage heights for over a year and I've been pretty satisfied. I'm sad my membership is coming to an end (since I'm moving and cannot come anymore)

Most of the massages I've had have been with different masseuses due to scheduling reasons but I would say most of them give an above average massage. My favorites have been Dede & Jennifer! Both of them really listen to you and are very relaxing. I carry a lot of knots and tension in my shoulders & they always try to work out my knots with firm yet smooth gentle movements and I always feel refreshed afterwards. Each masseuse is different however so depending on what you prefer, I'm sure massage heights would have the perfect masseuse for you! 

The front desk has always been relatively pleasant, scheduling is easy, and cancelling was easy too! I have the regular membership which is 50 bucks a month and it comes with one 1 hour massage per month. You can collect them and do 2 hours the next month if you skip a month! 

My only complaint is that they do short you on time sometimes. I don't always get the full hour with some masseuse. Yesterday when I went for a 1.5 hour massage, the front desk told me the prior massage was running a little late but I would get the full 1.5 hour, however we started 10-15 min late, and I still finished at 430, thus only getting about 1.25 hr instead, but the massage was still great so can't complain too much there !

Went in for the second time and they were able to schedule me in last minute... literally called 3 minutes ahead. I had a male massues for the first time and wasn't expecting anything like this. From the first time I shook Andrew's hand, I noticed how gentle and soft his hands were. And honestly, I had the best massage experience thanks to him.

He noted my problem areas, my lower back and the major knot zones on my neck and shoulders. I also need light pressure because I am sensitive... most of the time they would also start of soft but would end up elbowing me and putting full pressure at the end to get my knots out... I end up very sore and cranky. But Andrew had the same pressure throughout and also introduced me to hot stones. He said it is good to work out the problem areas without using the pressure. I felt so relaxed and (almost) knot free by the end of the session. 

Will probably sign up for the membership thing soon. But if it is your first time, the hour massages are only $40~ish.

Arrived for spa week and it was great! Everyone was friendly and professional. It was my first time there and the ambience was nice but the music was on the louder side for me to really relax. The lobby was clean and neat, soon as you pass the door to the spa area theres a beautiful foundation on the wall and the lights are dim. The young lady at the register offered me water before I sat down to fill out my paper work.

Another young lady asked if I wanted water as well a few mins later. (She just arrived to the front desk). Which is awesome, they engage with you & make sure u r doing okay.

My masseur was awesome, I choose medium pressure with a normal full body massage and a foot scrub. He did great, I felt relaxed when I walked out of the massage room.

I wish the aroma therapy would b continuously used through out the session. There was a spray and it was great but it left after a minute.

I'll probably be back, it's a little out of my way but with their service it's worth it.

Clean, professional, and straightforward traditional massage and facials 

If you are looking for a straightforward massage this is a great option. There are no amenities. Rooms are clean, linens are lux, staff is polite, and the owner treats the staff very well. 

I am a member so I pay $69 a month reoccurring to get a 60min massage.

Honestly I thought this was going to be another Massage Envy boy was I surprised to find out I was wrong.. They have talented therapist and the front desk people are very professional.. I did not join the membership nor was i pushed to do so. This is someplace I will be back again. soon.

The massage was very food Mary did a good job. The receptionist lack of customer service and care was very poor. Too bad that is the first thing you see when you walk in. The massage alone was good.


