5.0
Been going to this place for a membership! Awesome staff. Marie is the best. When I've been there, I can come with knots in my back and discomfort, and then I can walk out feeling better than ever, physically and psychologically (which is a huge component). The massages themselves are very relaxing, almost easy to fall asleep (in a good way ) !! It is like a third realm almost of half awake half sleep half dreaming. Love it !

First time I ever got a massage because Dr said it would be good for my back pain. Had a deep tissue massage. It felt amazing.

Love this location! Quiet atmosphere, good specials, nice aromatherapy. Ask for Natasha, she is the best!

I just finished getting a Swedish massage with a face massage and it was fantastic. Amy was super friendly and really listened to what I wanted to her focus attention on. I also appreciated the cleanliness of the place. Will definitely be back.

I drive 45 minutes to come here! 
The front office staff is always professional, accommodating, and polite
Andrew is hands down one of the BEST massage therapist I've ever had (in the states and international) he is very thorough, respectful and kind.

6/3/2018
My husband and I have been coming to this location for over a year. I have tried many therapists and they have all been great. We always go for the 1.5 hour massage. The environment is calm, soothing and smells good.

I saw Kenia today and had a really great massage. She worked on problem areas that I have in my neck. I have been to a lot of massages and she worked in a specific way that was much different than other places I've been to. I really enjoyed the massage and will plan to come back if and when I get out of my current massage commitment. Definitely book a massage with Kenia!

3/13/2018  Previous review
I originally visited this location when I took a trio to Houston Texas. I loved the services so much that when I returned home to California I looked for a massage heights in my area and I found this location. The staff is amazing I went through several different masseuse until I found the one that I absolutely love which is Leah she is amazing I feel relaxed every time I leave. The facility is clean they got me on the membership which I wasn't sure if and now I absolutely love. I always look forward to my appointments I have never missed one.
Okay 6 months into being a member and love it. So when I'm not able to get my fav lady Leah. Brianna recommend Andrew. Andrew is awesome!!!!!!! Omg simply amazing. Sooo i will be alternating between the 2. Love this location best staff. Please keep them around..

Highly recommend this place to all my friends and family! Nothing beats getting a massage every month with their club membership! All the massage therapists I've had so far have been great. Very professional and they all seemed highly trained!

I got the best massage here for a very reasonable price! If you're a first time customer, they offer introductory 1 hour massages for only $50. I wish i was a first time customer all the time! Their massage was so good, I caved into getting their membership ($60/month for one massage a month). I never use to get massages because they would always hurt, but the one here was so good, i could not say no! They also offer prenatal massages, a must have if you're pregnant!

My first time here was so nice. The staff is very sweet and welcoming. Let's get to the important  part though, the massage was heavenly. I really recommend the hot stones. I really liked how they made me circle the spots where I get tension the most and they focused the most on those parts. They also gave me a choice of scent, they had lavender, eucalyptus etc. it was very refreshing and the music was supppppper relaxing. I woke up the next day feeling sore of course but very refreshed and relaxed.

I love love love this place! You can really tell that the massage therapists know what they're doing. I came here yesterday needing a relaxing massage and asked for a deep tissue massage, and it was great. At first I requested for a deep pressure and in the middle of the massage decided I needed more pressure and told my therapist. He immediately changed pressure while making sure that I'm okay with it. I also requested to have the hot stone elevation added to my service. I love how they incorporate it with the massage and not just put the hot stones on my back. 

The customer service is exceptional.  As soon as you walk in to check in, they immediately offer you water and make sure you're ready for your massage. Right after the massage, they check in with you and ask if the massage went well and offers to book your next appt.

The membership is definitely worth it. Thumbs up!

I haven't been to this location in a long time... I have a ton knots my back and legs so I always get deep tissue with a sports massage if it's available.   We booked a last minute couples massage and we took the only two therapists that could take us. I'm usually not a huge fan of having a male masseuse and it's definitely not my first choice but like I said we booked last minute.  Ryan did my massage and he was really good, he started light and got everything warmed up and as I was about to ask for more pressure he started laying into the knots.  For me if the masseuse isn't working hard on breaking up knots and making it a bit painful for me then it's not worth the time or the money to have the work done.  Ryan was able to break up a good amount of the my trouble spots and he also had good bedside manor.  The spa itself got us in on time and the staff was friendly. I'll be going back.

My husband and I got a gift card for our wedding a year ago, and my only regret is not using it sooner! Needless to say we are now members! 
They made us feel so comfortable! I had Diane and my husband had another therapist, but my apologies I can't remember her name! Anyways. They were both amazing! My husband was uncomfortable with the entire idea of getting a massage in the first place but once we were done he was all for getting the membership. I recommend this place to anyone looking for a relaxing experience. 
An hour away from reality,and it's a great gift to give to anyone!

I made a last minute appointment and they were more than happy to accommodate me. The day of my appointment I was even running late and they pushed back my time. So nice!

Daniel was my masseuse and he was AMAZING! The pressure was perfect and he did not short me my time (I was still a few minutes late). I know he didn't need to do that, but I was blown away that he did. I'm really happy thus far that I got the membership. Can't wait to come back!

The service was great, atmosphere was nice and peaceful. My therapist Jody was phenomenal! My backs and neck muscles spasm and tighten up and I get stuff and can't really move.  She did an amazing job getting knots out and the reviving facial stone massage was so amazing!!! Must do!!!

My days can be chaotic with two little ones in tow, so coming here for a much needed massage was exactly what the doctor ordered! 

This place is clean and I was welcomed when I walked in. My massage therapist Louis was very friendly and listened carefully when I told him the areas that needed the most attention. I work out 6 days a week and tend to hold stress in my neck and shoulders. He spent a lot of time working on those spots. I enjoyed the nice little extra touches they add... pillow, eye mask and hot towel on my feet. It doesn't sound like much but it really made the massage feel extra luxurious. I was also appreciative of the suggestions Louis gave about stretching pre and post workout, foam rolling more frequently and epsom salt baths to soothe sore muscles. 

I walked out feeling relaxed and looking forward to the next one!

2/24/2018
I have been going to this Massage Heights location for about 7 months now and it's absolutely the best! The staff is extremely professional and courteous, and makes me feel very valued as a customer. 

I highly recommend the monthly membership service if you plan on visiting more frequently as this really does seem to be the best deal. 

Tonya is amazing! She is so knowledgeable and really knows what will work for my skin. She really goes the extra mile and will recommend product and tips for skin care- the absolute best!

I typically get facials only, but when I get a massage I always go to Grace. She is so kind and really works on the areas that I need help with the most. She even gave me tips for post-care. Highly recommend!

The most amazing service of any Message Heights I have ever been to. I highly recommend Barbara for anyone that goes here. I came to visit from out of town and the service was impeccable. They called me back for an opening and I was able to squeeze in a message in a short amount of time.

New ownership seems to be doing all the right things.  Friendly service.  Flexible scheduling. Clean and nice facility. Good value. 

I followed Andre from Massage Envy.  I play sports, go to the gym and have a long commute. So my body is always needing work.  Andre is a wealth of knowledge in his craft, has great technique and is very powerful and effective.  I always leave walking better and sleeping better with longer lasting results.   If you like the relaxing gentle rub, I am sure Andre is quite capable.  For a therapeutic massage, he is a must try.  he is very friendly and professional.

The people are very friendly and my massage was great. My therapist spent a lot of time on a specific problem area and it relieved a great deal of pain and discomfort.

OMG! Andre is the best masseuse I ever had. He gives the best deep tissue massages ever. He's very educated about the human body and how it works. He goes above and beyond what I expected. The facility and the room were clean. And all the staff were very nice. I used my birthday offer via email ( it comes when you are on the mailing list)$59.99 bday massage with free elevation. I am definitely seeing Andre again in the future.

Had a really nice treatment here. Was looking for something easy, but relaxing, and this totally fit the bill. Super nice front desk staff, cute lobby area with plenty of smell-good stuff to browse while waiting. My therapist was great and I loved the foot scrub treatment I added on; I think it was grapefruit? 
Would recommend!

I had a great hot stone massage from Nick last week. I'm a hairstylist and gym rat so I'm incredibly hard on my body. Nick focused on the areas I asked him to and applied just the right amount of pressure. The staff were all extremely personable and made me feel very comfortable. My massage actually ran over an hour by a few minutes ( which I didn't mind). When I was checking out the staff didn't pressure me about starting a monthly membership but did go over the options. All in all it was a great experience and I will be back.


