1.0
7/6/2018
I only shop here because I have nowhere else to shop for everyday items (I can't stand Walmart...). They generally have most of what I need, but I cannot stand their customer service. They don't seem to understand what customer service is... It's horrible. And don't waste your money on furniture from this place. I tried three of the same bookshelf and they all had missing or wrong pieces in them. Go to IKEA instead...


Bad bad staff, we went here today, a pack of broking ketchup on the floor. My husband slipped hurt his leg, so lucky he was next to me and he grabbed me and he didn't fall but two of his legs spread, hope he is ok tomorrow. When we walked to the staff, the first one, we told her the pack of ketchup broke on the Floor and it was everywhere on the floor, my husband slipped. She said ok and walked away, even asked nothing if he is ok, when we said to her thank you for asking if he is ok, and then she walked to another second staff said that the problem and the second did the same thing asa the first one, I was so upset. I know it was an accident but They didn't even care for the clients or make sure he is ok. They could do better then that. So not happy with their customers service. I know not all their staff are bad, but this two will ruin the others staffs name. Sorry hope they get train better.

Went there today and the place was a MESS. The shoe department alone looked like it was ransacked and shoes were everywhere. I let one of the employees know and he agreed but acted without much concern. This target store has definitely hit a turn for the worse.

Worst experience today.

I went to customer service to make an exchange and despite having staff on hand at the counter, I was ignored for 10 minutes as if i were a ghost.  They saw me standing in front of the line cued up but looked through me as if i did not exist.

I had to ask for help, never pleasantly addresses or greeted. Then the person who helped me was not friendly either.

Worst staff I have ever encountered who probably needs corporate training or retraining.

I will probably opt to support the Target in Manhattan Beach as my store to shop at.


This Target is a great place to shop. The only thing about this place that have been a bad experience is that my wife and I scanned an item and it came to one different price than at the self checkout. Where we meet Margarita who I believe will need to have some customer service training as well her Manager Charles. Margarita went full throttle on a debate with my wife who has over 30 years experience as a corporate manager in a giant retail company as this one. Charles didn't even bothered to walk with us and take a look at the scanner which it would have been the right thing to do. They only stated that the scanners were not working properly but they would not disconnect them and that is not their duty or responsibility. Which means that a lot of people have been paying more than what they have expected when they scanned an item Not about the money at all, but the principle. We will have felt better if he walked with us at the scanner and have it disconnected. That way no more clients gets scammed out of their money or would have to deal with Margarita's actitud or the likes Margarita's as well as the so unprofessional manager Charles. Who by the way let his employee be the one lead on this debate that it was created by Margarita's bad actions tours us the guests. This specific 2 have to be reported enormously by every guest that have had or might have any situation at this place and with them. They treat guests with no respect, specially Margarita who was also challenging and was trying to continue the debate even after we pay for our item and have also said insulting comments as we walked away. We just kept on walking and decided to report this bad behavior for everyone else to know.
Please report any issues here, is the only way for us the guests to have a decent service as we all deserve.


Went to the electronics counter I needed a game unlocked 4 employees there all talking to a customer which I'm assuming was a friend of theirs. All made eye contact with me and continued their conversation. I wasn't the only customer ignored; that's fine I'll buy my games from amazon from now on. Not to mention a employee is purchasing an item on work time. Oh and I just checked the game I want Amazon $13.95 Target $39.99 enough said. The tall male employee with glasses should be talked to. He looked at me as if he was annoyed rolling his eyes because I needed assistance.


Target customer service were really sucks yet the goal through a bunch of hoops to get to where you need to be I'm not shopping there anymore


If you haven't been here in a while be aware the entire store is under construction. I couldn't find anything, food aisles seemed to end abruptly in a wall, forcing shoppers into a maze like pattern, and there were zero store employees on the floor on a busy Saturday to help navigate. 

The cashier was even confused, leaving off half of my order --thankfully the customer behind me in line discovered the error. 

The cashier said the construction is scheduled to last through November 2017.


I really hope the Manager of Starbucks reads this because the employees need to be properly trained at this location.  I went today with my mom to get a couple iced coffees and specifically told the guy we did NOT want cold brew (I actually told him twice).  He was the only person working and seemed to be completely flustered as he messed up the ladies order in front of us and said he hated his life.  We got our drinks and about half way through started feeling sick.  Heart palpitations, dizzy, headache, etc.  At this point we realized that we did get cold brew which neither of us can have.  I take heart medication twice a day so this is a HUGE problem to get such an easy order wrong.  My mom has heart issues too and we have both been sick since we drank our coffees.  
This NEVER should have happened and could have turned out very badly.  
This needs to be addressed immediately so that nobody has to go through this.


This review is based of their electronics section. The periplo that work their are rude especially the lady with glasses and pony tail. She holds items for people and when I tried to buy a item she yells at me to put it back that it's on hold. When did they start holding items ? I thought that's what order pick ups are for ? Worst experience ever !


7/7/2018
You guys just don't get it. I have posted and posted and posted that the manager's lack of attention  to the overflowing trash at your store entrance is totally poor business practice. I hope your district manager sees this post and eventually does something about it. I have shopped at Target stores for over 20+ years and never seen such sloppy practices.



The bathroom is gross that is so Important to me and if usually my first impression. The sensors don't work and as I'm in the bathroom other customers are complaining about how nothing works in here.


4/29/2017
I was whit my wife for one coffe and I saw a fly and mosquitos all over the cakes and sandwich , when I told the 
lady about that just she told me "we know nothing can't do" .
Peoples can get sick .


I bought a prepaid calling card and a matching SIM card on the advice of the TECH guy, Chia or Cha???.  Well, it would not work in any of our unlocked phone so I returned it.  I didn't look at the return receipt till a day later and the salesperson had only scanned one item for return not two.  I went back to the store, and another salesperson said to wait.  She went to look at the CCTV and came out and said, "I only see you returning one item."  That is when I GOT HOT.  I told her I handed the lady two items together as they were both THIN.  Why would I hand them to her separately?  So finally the manager Steve or Steven said he would attempt to look for the items.  Well, he found THEM, (not IT) and finally gave me a refund.  PLEASE, do not accuse your customer of fraud with that attitude, before you find out what the story is.  What a terrible experience to be accused of deception.  Train your staff better, please.

Avoid the tech department here. The people who work here are lazy and rude. Literally the worst customer experience of any target I've ever been to.


The cashiers are very friendly and this Target is conveniently located to me. However, this is the only target that has given me major attitudes when doing an exchange, return or price adjustment. I bought something that was buy one get one % off. The more expensive item (which I payed full price for) was damaged (not by me), so I went to exchange it with a more expensive item. The woman at the counter (who has been rude to me before) would not do the exchange, and gave me a reduced price for the item I returned, and told me after she handed me the money. When I asked her why, she said the computer didn't give her the option.This is completely false, because I've gone to another target and they have done it with no issues. I know it was only a few dollars and some change, but I spend a lot of money at Target, and this kind of customer service was ridiculous. I purchase the other item with the same cashier because I didn't feel like arguing when there were people in line behind me. I hope someone from Target reads this. I have worked in customer service, retail and retail management for nearly 15 years, and this is the type of thing that causes stores to lose customers. Please Target.. for the sake of everyone retrain your employees.


Huge target lover. Manhattan beach location you rock. Torrance, every time I go in your customer service gets worse. Rude employees and the managers that don't speak english, just make it worse.


Electronics department is the absolute worst. They say one thing over the phone, and another thing in person. They have absolutely no organization and customers are at the will of associates who truly don't care about a customer experience. And nothing will ever happen because Target is huge and no one cares.



