2.0
My visit to this Target today was a little disappointing.  

I went specifically for their one-day gift card promotion where the Target gift cards were 10% off.  When I walked in, there were no shopping carts available, even though the parking lot didn't look that full.  I started looking for their gift cards, which are usually at the check stands.  No luck...every bin was empty.  I inquired with one of the employees, and she told me to check the front of the store.  There were none to be found.  I asked another employee, and she told me to check the registers.  I looked again, but no luck.  I asked someone else, and was directed to the front 

I felt like I was in an endless loop.  None of the employees were willing to look for any, and kept passing the buck.  In prior years, there seemed to be an ample supply of gift cards available in the store.

What happened this year? It's not even noon yet.

7/1/2017   Updated review
This Target has gotten worse and worse.  I had an issue with one of their defective Up and Up products that they allegedly stand by.  The woman helping me at customer service was super rude.  She was rolling her eyes at me and had a terrible attitude.  I swiped my card in the wrong swiper (She was standing in between two registers.), and she rudely exclaimed, "It is not that swiper, it's this one!" as she rolled her eyes at me and let out a sigh.  I did not take kindly to her terrible attitude.  

She was not able to help me, so I went over her head.  Her supervisor did not help me.  She called the store manager who refused to help me.  I had to call corporate office then and there and tell them the situation.  Corporate HELPED me, and said they stood by their Up and Up brand.  She was calling the general manager of this Target, while the first supervisor talked to the general manager on her walkie talkie.  Anyways, thanks to corporate my issue was resolved.  Honestly, I was treated terribly, and I hate this store.  

Still 2 stars because their prices are good, and they carry many items. 
BOTTOM LINE: This store has lost my business.


Dirty floors, no carts available. Lots of them on the floor though filled with stock to be put away. Mgmt of this location needs to wake up. Can't think of a worse Target I have ever been in.

No more pharmacy rewards which was cool in addition to my Red card, every once in a while I'd get the coveted 10 or 20 percent off shopping card. 

I rather liked the red pill bottles with the color collar identifier. Made it much easier to identify family member scrips.

CVS motto "Always open. Always there." doesn't likely mean the pharmacy hours are extended; the standard hours still apply, they do close.


12/18/2017
So yesterday I went in to return a Cat & Jack sweater and pants. I walked around to see if I found the right size I was looking for. I left the store thinking I'll just keep the ones I returned, so I called Target and was transferred from the fitting rooms to customer service, I asked if I can go back to repurchase the outfit I had returned they said okay will keep it here in customer service until 11pm. I went in an hour later and they said they didnt hold the clothing items for me. I was disappointed because they specifically told me they would hold on to it. I learned to not believe Target employees when they say they'll hold on to something for you.



Obviously things at target are reasonably priced, which is why we keep coming back but this recent trip may be my last. There were no shopping carts and we had to wait about 7 minutes, which is an eternity with a toddler. For the second time, I have read the fine print on the paper towel and toilet paper specials and after getting to the register I find out I don't have the right stuff. I always get the products with the sales tags and read the tags, but they are always misplaced.  At this point I think it's just a scam because they don't offer to help me get the right ones or apologize. They just act like I wasn't even asking about it and after waiting in that line I'm not about to go back or raise a stink, but the reality is I can get it on amazon prime for cheaper so I'm going to stop torturing myself. I will miss Target!


Target you're Vendor Aramark food service was out of Popcorn during my visit.  I was hungry going into the Store to shop. 
It's always nice to have the Famous popcorn. So I just left the store. Sorry Target .


I don't like this Target at all. I think I've been spoiled by my Target back in Vegas and how it's not a complete clusterf***k like this one. I only come here out of convenience because it's near my family's house and how I always manage to forget something. 

1. First off, the parking lot is madness. People do not know how to drive and parking spaces seem smaller and limited here. I always have to park far away from the entrance. 
2. I also notice that the garbage cans near the exit were completely full and trash was falling out of them. 
3. The floors look so dirty. Someone has to mop ASAP.
4. The shelves themselves are so empty and unorganized. I was trying to find sip cups and couldn't tell which price belong to which item because all the cups were in the wrong spots. 
5. Good luck trying to find your size in the clothing section. That section is just as horrendous as the rest of the store. 

Only reason I gave 2 stars instead of one is because  the cashiers and employees seem helpful and friendly. I would hate to shop here regularly for my basic needs. Thankfully I don't have to.




