3.0
The the parking can be an absolute nightmare at just about any time at this location. The people working here are really pretty nice and helpful and the size of the store and the selection is half-decent. There's a really nice option for order pick up and you can just pull up in the designated order pick-up spot to retrieve your items. That's actually a pretty useful feature. I recommend you try it at least once.


Remodel is done and it looks fine.  Everything was rearranged so you have to walk around to find stuff.  Did notice the radio now.  Playing hip hop and pop.  Not sure why that was done.  It's also too loud and just makes me want to get out of there.  Gives me a headache.  Other than that, it's still the same store before the remodel.


It's Target...but this one does have a plus I really like, brown paper bags with paper twisted handles.  Yes brown paper bags are a favorite of mine...and if they have the twisted paper handles I'm over the moon. Strange huh?

Stocking up on greeting cards. I've always been one of those people who loves sending cards or hand written notes. Target makes it easy to shop for these supplies.

Self checkout. Easy peasy.


So, this used to be my go-to Target but since the del amo center Target opened I'd much rather drive the extra ten minutes or so to that one.

I do like how it's easier to find things now that they remodeled many of the aisles, but they're out of so many things that need stocking and it's hard to find employees when you need them.  The change room girls just sit there and gossip and don't ask if they can help you with more sizes etc.. 

You can't beat target prices though or selection of less-expensive children's and clothing items!


Clean store, okay prices, staff could be more friendly but most of the time they do a good job. This is my home store so I do see a lot of good and some not so good at times but all and all this store is a plus


This isn't a bad store but I believe this is the season for profiling.  I noticed the security guard when I walked in and saw several people walk by him with packages in hand.  No one is being stopped.

I spend several minutes at the self check section, very close to the exit, and even interact with the person in charge.  As I'm exiting, the guard stops me and checks EVERYTHING for about 30 seconds.  Other than a $40 printer, all I have is a few housewares and several bottles of water. 

While I understand everyone has a job to do, he didn't have to lie and say he's checking everyone.  It was a little busy so if he checked every receipt like he did mine, I'd probably still be at the store.


I was really delighted to find a Starbucks inside this retail store. This is a great thing!

As for Target, the lines are sometimes long and customer service is just ok. Employees aren't really enthused about assisting customers. On the other hand, the store is usually clean and well stocked. They are also competitively price.

Perhaps I'll give this Target more business - as they've made a smart business decision to partner with Starbucks. That's a plus in my book!



