4.0
One of the bigger Target's I've walked in to. And talk about spacious! There was plenty of room for people to maneuver around each other without really having to crowd each other even while using a cart! 

Clean. Organized. Things were in place. 

Came here for a car seat for my nephew and found it with ease. 

Check out was quick as well. 

It's too bad I was on a tight schedule, I would have liked to have done a bit more exploring. 

I need to put this location on my Target rotation! Will return!

I don't usually like shopping but I was just here today getting some Axe shampoo after my nephew put water in my old Axe Shampoo and the shampoo comes out like water instead of the soapy liquid feeling.  I think this is my second time coming to this location.

Pros: 
-There is covered parking.
-Seems big like the Torrance location
-Has groceries
-Has an escalator for shopping carts (must be nifty if you are a skate boarder and or snowboarder and want to skate down that escalator) 
-Self checkout

Con:
-I think it was few cents more or a dollar more for my shampoo compared to Walmart down the street (way way way down the street).  Well things are a little more at Target PERIOD!

Not much of a con though but the cashier didn't have enough cash for my change.

This is a pretty good Target. It is pretty big and there is a lot of useful stuff here. There are so many deals here that you can't get at any other stores. They have every single toilet paper brand that you could think of. They have more laundry detergent than a candy store has candy. There is anything you are looking for here... (that a store would have). 

Parking here is pretty easy. You can parking at the Target lot. If it is out of spaces which is pretty unlikely, you can park across the street at the parking garage at South Bay Galleria.

They've always been helpful with giving me my medicine quickly and notified me ahead of time to come and get it! After getting my medicine I usually walk over to the accessories and sometimes I see young people ticket switching, basically taking 1.99 tags and placing them on higher priced items. Although I didn't see their parents, I did decide to give them a call.

Target is always a good reliable store.  This isn't a big as The Target "Greatland" over in Manhattan Beach (a.k.a. "Hot Target" where all of the well manicured  young well to do soccer moms shop) on Sepulveda @ Manhattan Beach Blvd), but it's a good sized store.

This one is located in Redondo Beach near Lawndale within walking distance of The South Bay Galleria adjacent to Hawthone Blvd and Artesia Blvd/Redondo Beach Blvd.

Parking is easy and in fact on a rainy day, unlike most other Target stores in the South Bay, this has COVERED PARKING so you need not get wet!

I'm finding Target is way better than Wal-Mart in almost every aspect, and to a degree has it's own prestige to it's brand and approach to retailing.

I like the $1 Dollar Spot section for knick-knacks.  I enjoy that they have a good department store blend of clothes, toys, housewares, sporting goods, food, seasonal items, etc.

Be sure to walk along the walls opposite of the front end caps to look at each department's discounted "Clearance" items, although some are not dramatically discounted, sometimes you'll find a hidden gem of a deal once in a while.


It was a nice Target, despite the remodel. 

The layout is a little weird, I was all kinds of turned around walking in and seeing the beauty department first, but I finally figured it out. 

Employees were nice and helpful. 

Parking is odd though and a little crowded. Watch for impatient people, not really a reflection on the store, just the patrons. Target is great, but you don't have to honk at everyone in the parking lot. Take a deep breath, you'll be okay.


TARGET IS AN "EVIL STORE". I Walk In Only Needing A Couple Of Household Idems. Under 20 Minutes My Cart Is Filled With Beautiful Pillows, Towels & Electronics For Myself & Kids...Like I Said  "TARGET IS AN EVIL STORE"!



