5.0
I'm a Manhattan Beach realtor, and I visit this target all the time for office and home supplies. They've always got great prices on lots of different items, but more than anything they've got amazing customer service. I just went in this morning and had a great experience thanks to Alma Z. 

She was super sweet and noticed I was scanning some vegetables in the self-checkout and I didn't notice the coupon attached to the back of one. At first, she told me I could go talk to the returns lady and get the difference back. When she noticed how slow the line was moving she pulled me out and personally took me to a register to refund me the difference.

Great employees like Alma make loyal customers, and I think she deserves some recognition. =)


I love this Target!!!!! Because they have more of a variety than the other target stores I've shopped at. I got great deals on everything I need for my vacation, and the outstanding customer service alone is worth the drive outstanding!

I understand how difficult working in retail can be, especially on a Friday night, but everyone here was very pleasant especially the cashier Ivy she was very kind, patient and helpful.


My favorite Target in SoCal. Super nice and clean inside and out. 
Parking lot is massive, usually super full but you can still get parking at the end of the lot. They don't seem as busy as the other targets, maybe because this one seems bigger. 

This Target is definitely more upscale due to the fact that it is in Manhattan Beach. It's a little ways from me but I'll drive out of my way to get there.


They updated this Target again. Now, in addition to the pharmacy, they have an optical department as well. So -- now you can get optical, pharmacy, grocery, and the normal home, electronics, clothing, that you are used to getting from Target.

What I also love are their collabs. They are getting better and better. For the kids I really like the Cat and Jack line. They also have great adult collabs that keep coming out. 

If you can walk out of Target spending less than $100 - then you are a rockstar!

They also have a Which Wich (and it's fabulous!) and a Starby's here too...so grab some food and walk around Tar-jay...


I was lost 
They redid the store
But seeing the lost look on my face Margarita stepped in and asked me "how can I help?"

She directed me right to the air filters and I found them with ease.

Debra helped me to find the distilled water with humor and made my night...even thought she told me not to climb up to get it!!! thanks Deborah!!!

Tyshan brought me distilled water Lickety split!! 
No more climbing the racks at Target!!

#appreciategreatcustomerservice!!!


This is my favorite Target location, I work near this location but I even drive to this location from my home which is a little distance. The selection of items is amazing & guaranteed to have items in stock. Excellent customer service. I pass three Target locations near my home just to shop here.


Omg this is the best Target ever!!

They have a great selection on pretty much everything.  And that's the reason why I drive to this location.


My favorite target great customer service and the store is always neat and organized. Even though they are under construction, the workers are willing to help guide me in the right direction


This is one of the best targets around. It's always clean (not that I've been to a dirty target...because I haven't. It's far from a Walmart) and the kids clothes seem to have a better choice selection. Actually, I take take that back. I've been to a target that was lacking in customer service, product availability and selection. I'm sure it has everything to do with the demographic and that sucks. 

Anyways, I've never seen a target customized for the holidays like this one. See pic below.


Regular stop for me since it's my neighborhood location! 
Store is always stocked and well organized. Restrooms are clean. The staff members are friendly and always greet me and offer assistance. 
Lines move fast and management is very accessible to coordinate a fast, smooth checkout. 
I love my REDcard and the cartwheel app!


Dealt with Beverly today and she was amazing. She made sure I got all my discounts and got me set up with the red card. Her service was friendly, inviting and she truly made me feel special as a customer.  I can not commend this target enough for their warm service and I commend Beverly for going that extra mile with me today.



