1.0
Stressful and poorly managed
Prep Cook (Former Employee) –  Charlotte, NC – July 23, 2018
A very stressful and poorly managed restaurant. The cooks would not wash their hands and on occasion drop something on the ground and put it back on plate and serve it to the guest. I would not recommend working their because the managers don’t care about their employees, they don’t bother to look out for them. And if anything they taunt and make fun of them and aren’t their as a suppport system.
Pros
$3.00 and some change for your meals. The restaurant is a fast paced restaurant so time went by fast
Cons
No breaks, stayed extra time, harassment by coworkers and managers and nothing was done about it
Lacking Professionalism
Server (Former Employee) –  Roseville, CA – July 17, 2018
The lack of consistency with management following corporate policies and California State law was completely unacceptable. The favoritism and tip bribery that is exercised daily creates a hostile work environment.

Management is the lifeline to any successful business. The Cheesecake Factory needs a complete overhaul of their training program for all FOB and BOH management staff. Especially the General Manager.

Poor Management
Line Cook/Management Support (Former Employee) –  Reno, NV – July 7, 2018
They will tell you what you want to hear and then never follow through on it. They offer training but not enough training for people who have never cooked before, which was most of the kitchen staff.
Pros
Free Food
Cons
No breaks, long hours, always super busy, no manager knows what they are doing
Terrible Place to work
Star Line and Prep Cook (Former Employee) –  Lexington, KY – July 6, 2018
Treats employees as though they are expendable but never has flu or competent staff. Managers are lazy and overpower with no initiative to help or lead by example
Pros
none
Cons
no breaks, no accountability, no wilingingness to live
toxic chaos show
Server (Former Employee) –  Cambridge, MA – July 1, 2018
Don't do it. Management is geared towards high turn over. You are not an individual, you are a piece of flesh carrying plates around until you break physically or mentally then replaced.

Very hard had to be in a runing paste
Dishwasher (Former Employee) –  Anaheim, CA – June 7, 2018
The management is great they have everything well organized. But the job is very hard as a dishwasher you have to be lightning fast and trying to keep up with demans

One of the worst places I’ve worked. Management plays favorites and the guest is always right even when they are threatening employees.
SERVER (Current Employee) –  Atlanta, GA – May 24, 2018
Do not work here. The management staff does not care about the serving staff it’s always front of the house against back of the house. Favoritism means more to management then work ethic.

