not for me
Server (Former Employee) –  Oakbrook, IL – July 30, 2018
Not a place for me. I was too overqualified for the job and that made me unhappy when I had to get on a waiting list to be promoted. I had all the credit to move ahead but left due to time being too precious to waste making no money there.

Challenging and bewildering
Management (Former Employee) –  Calabasas Hills, CA – July 24, 2018
The corporate support center is an unusual place. There's a lot of good there. The Mission and Values of the organization are great. However, there are a lot of unreconcilable shenanigans and politics. Not for everyone, but some can certainly flourish there.
Pros
Great product. Good people. Lots of fun activities.
Cons
Inconsistency. Lack of departmental leadership. For some, fun > responsibilities, which causes an imbalance.
Fast paced environment
Busser/Dishwasher (Current Employee) –  Washington, DC – July 19, 2018
working here was a learning experience the employees were friendly. The lack of benefits for part time employees which most of us were was not the best.

Unfair promotion rate
Line Chef (Former Employee) –  Madison, WI – July 18, 2018
Unless you are a member of family, or close friend of management you get no days off, employee of month or your opinion heard. It will help if you are Latino.
Pros
Free meal every shift
Cons
no breaks
Too much workload for one person
Bakery Clerk (Former Employee) –  Orland Park, IL 60462 – July 12, 2018
Too much work put on one person in the bakery, usually the closer and the other person leaves around 7 leaving me with about 3-5 hours of being alone/closing. not enough pay for the work. asked for a raise and wouldn't give it to me because i was still in high school and "older people" deserved it.
Pros
-free food
Cons
-sometimes no break when working 8 hours because i would be alone
Fast paced, stressful
Sever (Former Employee) –  Houston, TX – July 4, 2018
If you are new, expect to not make much. A lot of servers have been there for 5-10 years + 

Those are the ones that get the best sections and make good money while you get stuck with the corners that no one wants to sit in.
Pros
Really yummy food
Cons
No breaks to eat, constantly running food
The management is great but on how the managers apply their own way to provide us guidelines is sucks
Server/Waiter (Current Employee) –  Kuwait – June 29, 2018
The managers has a favoritism regardless with your nationality. Weak! 30% discounts in all food if you avail during non working hours and if you are already working in the company for more than a year. Hardest part is during ramadan. They even cancel you rest day. Lack of staffs!!!
Pros
Free staff meal
Cons
1hr break, discounts, on time, toxic

