3.0
Management
Server/Waiter (Former Employee) –  Walnut Creek, CA – July 27, 2018
The management needed some work while I was there because every relationships were forced and hostile. I love being a server but did not enjoy the people at the location
Pros
Tips
Cons
Hours
The Cheescake Factory routine
Hostess (Former Employee) –  West Hollywood, CA – July 25, 2018
Working at the Factory i learned many things but the most important one was patience. I can honestly say it helped me a lot in life and in my work place.

Very fast pace
Production Supervisor (Current Employee) –  Battleboro, NC – July 24, 2018
Work alot of hrs, no time for family. Scheduling changes daily, need better communication. Shift hrs are terrible. No time and half for working holidays
Pros
Overtime
Cons
No family time
Ok place to work
Busser/Server (Former Employee) –  St. Louis, MO – July 23, 2018
A decent place to work if you like food and a fast pace. The workers you bus for (Waiters/Waitress) were rude most of the time when you worked under them for the night. Most of the time it felt like you were getting shorted when they split the tips with you. Managers were fine most of the time Depending on which manager was showing up for the day.
Pros
Free food
Cons
No Breaks, Slow days not a lot of pay
Very productive but poorly managed
Prep Cook/Dishwasher (Former Employee) –  Las Vegas, NV – July 19, 2018
The Cheesecake Factory was an extremely fast-paced work environment that offered a lot of opportunity to move up but was poorly handled by management.

Busy
Server (Current Employee) –  Indianapolis, IN – July 18, 2018
We are always busy. The guests were the hardest part and we also had long work hours without breaks if we worked a double. The management was pretty good.

Productive. Fast paced work place
Hostess (Former Employee) –  West Hartford, CT – July 17, 2018
Many new hires all training at the same time. Was a bit confusing and chaotic. Did not get cut in on tips and wasn’t much for hostess to do besides stand behind a platform

ehhhh
Server (Former Employee) –  West Palm Beach, FL – July 17, 2018
it was okay, did not make enough money. Took off auto gratuity. Customers we not nice, over staffed. no benefits. I would not work there again. Save yourself 3 weeks of bad training

