4.0
Good place to work
Hostess/Server (Current Employee) –  Redondo Beach, CA 90277 – July 17, 2018
Its a good place to work. You will meet a lot of nice people. I worked at the location in Cincinnati Ohio and was transferred to the location in Redondo Beach California.

High-stress, fast-paced work environment.
Prep Cook (Former Employee) –  Boulder, CO – July 18, 2018
Usually, when you come in you are greeted by the manager while punching in. On high-business days, your direct supervisor will go over whatever your job is with you. People get along pretty well there. Usually in the restaurant industry, there's a divide between front and back of house and the back of house doesn't really like the servers. That's not the case at all at Cheesecake. The problem that causes the most stress is the ratio of staff to the amount of volume in the restaurant. Also, during slow season (January-March), hours can become very short depending on who you are, so in other words there's favoritism. Independence was the most enjoyable part of my job as a prep cook.
Pros
$3 Meals
Cons
Very high work load that you get yelled at if you don't complete.
the hardest part of the job
Server (Former Employee) –  San Jose, CA – July 21, 2018
The hardest part of the job is coming into your shift and having your entire section sat all the same time. I'm all for taking a lot of tables but seating my 5-6 table section at the same time and expecting me to give good service is quite unattainable. If I could have at leat 3-4 minutes between my tables being sat, then it would have made a world of a difference.

The workplace
Dishwasher/Busser (Former Employee) –  Bay Shore, NY – July 22, 2018
Fast place learn how to stay on my feet not let thing built up.Very good friendship with management. keep the place clean.work can work.to look back and to say that i'm done.
Pros
free lunchers
Cons
short break
Fun place to work at
Steward (Former Employee) –  Lyndhurst, OH – July 23, 2018
Love working around food plus I got to be there early so I get off early I don’t live far from the restaurant I make it to work in 15 min they serve great food and have good food
Pros
Early in early out
Cons
Gaining weight
Fast paced work place with opportunities for career advancement.
Steward (Former Employee) –  Los Angeles, CA – July 23, 2018
It is a great company to work for in that there are opportunities to grow within the company. If you have the look, the personality and the desire to work hard, you will be found as an asset. It is the service industry, so it does have it regular stresses, but if that can be curbed, this is the place to work.

Quick paced environment
Hostess (Former Employee) –  Topanga Canyon, CA – July 25, 2018
I think that the experience of working with other people was a very good one to have. You encounter a lot of people every day and you are shown the other side of humanity. A typical day at work would be, I would go in, check the utility closet to make sure it was stocked for the bathroom checks I would perform every hour or so . The hardest part of the job would have to be making sure everyone is seated within a certain time frame and making sure the tables are clean so then we can open them. The most enjoyable part of the job would be when I worked weekdays, it would be a slower pace.
Pros
Challenging and exciting
Cons
Short breaks and short hours
Good money during Christmas time
Waitress (Former Employee) –  Madison, WI – July 25, 2018
Good money during Christmas time because it is in the mall. The summer is very slow at the location I was at. This is not common, though. Usually they pick up in the summer. Management was very nice and there appears to be good advancement opportunities if you want them.

It depends on who you are as a person.
Line Cook/Prep Cook (Former Employee) –  Pittsburgh, PA – July 26, 2018
I thoroughly enjoyed working in the kitchen, but my enthusiasm was dampened by my inability to please everyone in the manner in which they wished to be pleased. I did not feel as if pleasing other non-management employees was within my duties as an employee; working together with someone to achieve a common goal is the number one way to go, but it becomes the absolute last priority to an individual when:
Your stations are never stocked when you open your line station.
Some of your co workers allow their personal opinions and attitudes towards certain individuals.
Management acknowledges issues, but rarely takes any TANGIBLE way to fix the problem.

I will say on the part of management, they did the best they could to run the kitchen most of the time; at others, a show of respect for employees lives and schedules was lacking.

I would, however, still recommend this as a viable employment option.
Pros
Great Pay, Free Lunch, Generally decent atmosphere
Cons
expect to get throw into the fire, expect no one to save you or even generally bother to give you functioning advice.
The Cheese is a decent place to work.
Server (Former Employee) –  Sacramento, CA – July 27, 2018
It's almost always busy, which is good in any serving job. The management is okay, hit or miss I guess, but then again we all have our days. Servers at the location in Sacramento are kind of lazy, another location I worked it would never allow the things to fly that happen here, but it's difficult to be motivated here sometimes bc it's in a rough neighborhood and the guests can run everyone down, management, servers, bussers, runners, cooks, no one escapes the effect of some of these guests.
Pros
Flexible Schedule
Cons
Bad neighborhood, favorites playing.
The Cheesecake Factory
Bartender, Server and Trainer (Former Employee) –  Danbury, CT – July 28, 2018
The Cheesecake Factory is a phenomal corporation to work for. I love its mission, vision and values in regards to guest service, hospitality and overall company standards. The current location I am at has made it very difficult for me grow, feel empowered or have a great quality of life.
Pros
Organization/Career Opportunities
no
Hostess (Former Employee) –  North Carolina – July 30, 2018
yes it was a good place to work but i would not do it again. I was stressed a lot and it was not worth the money. the food was good but some bosses were not.

It’s a cool place
Lead Line Cook (Current Employee) –  Bellevue, WA – July 31, 2018
It’s alright. Really busy work environment and hours aren’t consistent. Managers could be observing to employees and w rare very under paid for how busy we are


