5.0
Ccf
Foodrunner/Server (Current Employee) –  Riverside, CA – April 30, 2017
It is always busy and management will put you in a position to make money! Teamwork is very important here as well as communication. If everyone helps each other we will all make more money.
Pros
Busy
Cons
needy guests
A True Great
Quality, Sanitation, Food Safety Supervisor (Former Employee) –  Calabasas Hills, CA – July 31, 2018
The Cheesecake Factory Bakery is beyond a wonderful place to work. If not for tragic circumstances I would still be employed there. They foster and mentor their employees. They not only appreciate their employees, they SHOW that they appreciate them.

Friendly and fast pace environment
Food Server (Former Employee) –  Tigard, OR – July 31, 2018
Fun place to work. Good money depending the position you work. (cashier, food runner, server). Loved working here, everyone was friendly and very welcoming. A good place to move up as well, so don't have to just stay in just one position. They're very good with asking time off and accommodating with your availability. Everything is online.

Great company
Server and Bartender (Current Employee) –  McLean, VA – July 27, 2018
Fun place to work while in college. Work hard to get great tips. I started there while i was in college and have grown so much. Managers are okay. depends on what store you work at.

Loved The Cheesecake Factory!
Host/Busser (Former Employee) –  Rancho Mirage, CA – July 25, 2018
Great restaurant to work for, I was young so I was still learning but I loved the people and how friendly my co-workers were. It was a great place to work!
Pros
Got 50% of on food and free drinks.
Cons
Dead season is slow in the mornings
Fast pace, team bonding work experience
Server Trainer (Current Employee) –  Arcadia, CA – July 24, 2018
Supportive work environment and great company to work for, paid time off for vacation and sick time. Offers flexibly hours and fast pace environment, great team work.
Pros
Flexibly hours
Cons
no retirement benefits
Positive work environment with many opportunists to advance
Hospitality Lead (Current Employee) –  Denver, CO – July 24, 2018
A typical day at work is very busy, but everyone is willing to help if they can. I learned to always keep a positive attitude and not to get stressed out, and just food and cheesecakes. The management are always giving positive reinforcement and willing to help out. The work place culture if like a family. The hardest part of the job is the guests. The most enjoyable part is the coworkers.
Pros
Free bread and soup, 50% off food while working, 25% off while off, and the occasional 100% off for going to extra mile.
Cons
no uniform allowance
Productive, Fast Past , Stressful
Hostess (Current Employee) –  White Plains, NY – July 23, 2018
Good job to have if you need cash. you can pick up shifts. Schedule is very flexible. Management doesn't always have your best interest at times but for the most part we treat each other like family.

Productive and fun environment to work in
SERVER (Former Employee) –  Las Vegas, NV – July 18, 2018
The experience is very positive and enjoyable. Everyone has your back and is willing to help with the advancement of your career. It's definitely somewhere I'd recommend working for anyone who is into travel, being around great people, and working for a Fortune 100 best company!

Great company to work for
SENIOR KITCHEN MANAGER (Former Employee) –  Trumbull, CT – July 18, 2018
I loved working for the Cheesecake Factory - it's demand for excellence and emphasis on ultimate customer satisfaction. 
A typical day as a Kitchen Manager involved preparing prep lists, managing kitchen staff, overseeing food production, quality assurance and more. 
I learned a lot about time management as well as how to be a beast in the kitchen!
Pros
competitive pay and excellent benefits
Cons
long hours
Fast paced environment
OST/Server/DT (Current Employee) –  Boston, MA – July 19, 2018
Great company to work for on the Forbes top 100 companies to work for. Mangers are willing to listen and work with your schedule. Great training program.
Pros
Open availabilty
Cons
Faced paced
Full hands in and Full hands out
Busser (Former Employee) –  Honolulu, HI – July 22, 2018
At The Cheesecake factory teamwork is key. A typical day consist of staying on duty and making sure everybody is working to make the restaurant run its best... but most importantly to have fun.
Pros
Enviroment
Cons
short breaks
Cool Place To Work but stressfull at times
Prep cook (Current Employee) –  Carlsbad, CA – July 23, 2018
Everyone gets along real well no drama a bit hard to advance in the restaurant but overall good experience if you work hard you will get your hours over other people
Pros
Chill people
Cons
Stressful at times

