1.0
Incompetent management
Crew Member (Former Employee) –  Corvallis, OR – July 30, 2018
I loved this job at first and the benefits were good but management was horrible. We were always overstaffed but they kept hiring people, and couldn't give people the hours they wanted, so they fired a lot of people. If I was working at any other location, I probably would've loved it but this one sucks. Free food and paid breaks were nice, but not worth it due to how management treats their employees. Managers only favor people who have been there longest, and half-a** training new employees, then get mad when they don't do things correctly.
Pros
Free food, paid breaks
Cons
Bad training, no hours, so much forced stress
Soul sucking and mind numbing
Crew Member/Cook (Current Employee) –  Pueblo, CO – July 28, 2018
The management is poor at best. There is very little cooperation between managers. They have issues with hiring worthwhile employees. You are expected to pick up the slack if others call off or management fails to schedule someone properly.

Terrible place to work.
Crew Member (Former Employee) –  Jupiter, FL 33458 – July 27, 2018
Terrible job if this is your first. On your feet 24/7 with a goal of getting a break everyday. Terrible management when all they do is stay in the office and only rarely come out to prepare one customers bowl or seldomly cut an ingredient. Was working here for over 6 months getting paid 9.15$ an hour with past job experience, to only hear that new hires are starting at 9.25$ an hour. While i started with 9.00$ with past job experience.
Pros
Free lunch
Cons
Everything but free food.
Awful
cashier (Former Employee) –  Bradley, IL – July 27, 2018
Management was awful at this specific location. They talked a lot of hype when hiring but once hired in the environment changed. They push favorites and only give hours to them, even after giving you hours. Most didn’t have food handlers and were still allowed to work.

Do not waste your time
General Manager (Current Employee) –  florida – July 26, 2018
No training, High Pressure, No time off, Demand results without proper training, Field Lead puts down instead of empowering. High turn over, don't make your numbers they will simply replace you. You can not focus on team building or sales building because you are being audited daily. Save yourself a lot of stress and just avoid.
Pros
pay, benefits
Cons
everything
na
General Manager (Current Employee) –  Plano, TX – July 25, 2018
Chipotle and all this new regulations are makin the company to fall apart.

There are so many operations in only one person in a 700ft establishment.

Workplace
Crew/Cashier/Take- Out Specialist (Former Employee) –  Houston, TX – July 24, 2018
You will do so much work for little pay. Also you have to write journals every other day so you will have to take over other peoples job. They will MAKE you learn their vision, definitions and goals. Half of the time they take out of work to talk about what you need to say to their boss and you don't get it they will drill it in you
Pros
free food
Cons
rarely take lunches

