3.0 
The people are the only reason i havent quit yet
Crew Member (Current Employee) –  Amherst, OH – July 26, 2018
There is more drama at chipotle than a high school. I have been told multiple times that I am going to be made a manager and there has been no strides taken to make that a reality. Chipotle as a company DOES NOT care about their employees.
Pros
Free meal with every shift
Cons
Drama, scheduling, lies to make you stay

Hard work fast paced
Kitchen Manager (Current Employee) –  Chesapeake, VA – July 28, 2018
This is a very fast paced work. Need to be constantly present in all working aspects, front and back. Lots of work hours and hours start as early as 5:30am.

work
General Manager (Current Employee) –  Chino, CA 91710 – July 29, 2018
-come in, work
-learned how to be a hard worker
-management used to be easier
-all about the business
-working with other people
-the people you do meet are worth it

great place to have as a first job but it does not meet the amount of hours id like to work
crew memebr (Former Employee) –  North Brunswick, NJ – August 1, 2018
chipotle was my first job and it was nice but the hours that i was working at chipotle did not meet the amount of hours that i wanted to work and i would ask to get more hours and i still didnt see a change 
in my hours.
Pros
team active environment
Cons
not enough hours
pay was decent but work could get overwhelming due to co workers and management
Cashier/ Customer Service (Former Employee) –  Oakland, CA – July 31, 2018
pay was decent but work could get overwhelming due to co workers and management. There was always work to be done which is a plus for me. I truly believe under greater and more steady management it has the potential to be a great workplace. Not a place for people who are not prepared for hard work.

Good job but could be better
Team Member/Cashier (Former Employee) –  Nashville, TN – July 30, 2018
Chipotle is a great job but it’s hot and they don’t work with your school schedule. They’re also really fast paced and you’re on your feet the entire time.

Sometimes good, sometimes awful
Cashier/Grill Cook (Former Employee) –  San Bruno, CA – July 30, 2018
I've had both ends of the spectrum at Chipotle. I've had a highly competent, motivated, and awesome GM who actively cared about his store and his employees. And then after he left we had a poor GM who fired off many people she didn't like for personal reasons and actually said she didn't care about store morale. And from there everything went downhill fast for a lot of people. Over half the store quit or was fired within a 5 month period due to incompetent management and a lack of care for employees. Many people who were in line for promotion prior to her appointment as GM were immediately pushed off the list, even those in mid-training for their promotion, in favor of someone who didn't even meet the bare minimum to be in the position. 

I would say that some stores can be great, others can be a nightmare.

Oh and if a manager doesn't like you, they can blacklist you, for whatever reason. Which is illegal. But they do it anyway.
Pros
Free food, decent discounts, often a good social environment.
Cons
Potential incompetent managers, potential lack of professionalism, not great for advancement
fast food
Cashier (Current Employee) –  Chicago, IL – July 30, 2018
temporary job unless fast food is your thing. the hours are never guaranteed unless your up the store managers tail. The pay is minimum wage, customers are irritating at times, but free, good lunch.

I dont know
Chipotle Crew Member (Former Employee) –  Redding, CA – July 30, 2018
It was good to have a job that was fast pace but I guess I don't want to be in the food service. So it might not be chipotle, it might be me. But I found a better job opportunity so I took it


