4.0

Productive and fast paced
Cook/Cashier/Prep/Dishwasher (Former Employee) –  Denver, CO – July 31, 2018
A typical day at work consists of your team is ready to go for the rush that involves aces in their places ready to go and all stocked up. I learned a lot of time management here, and to always think on your feet.
Pros
Promotion from within and benefits
High paced work environment.
Team member (Former Employee) –  Gambrills, MD – July 31, 2018
Educational and fast paced. The work was a lot to do but could be learned to do quickly with practice. However managers were similar in young age and did not much know what they were doing.

Great first job
Crew Member (Current Employee) –  Casselberry, FL – July 31, 2018
As a first job, I think this was the right choice. I learned more skills in the "working community" than I would anywhere else. I learned the importance of hospitality and gained more communication skills. I learned how to work better with others as a team and gave constructive criticism. The most enjoyable part of chipotle was the customer experience, being able to communicate with customers and fulfill their needs. The workplace was positive, supportive and helpful throughout the day. The management team could use some altercations but other than that it is a great working experience for those looking for a first job.

kitchen crew member
Crew Member (Former Employee) –  Springfield, VA – July 30, 2018
Although it wasnt my type of job but i wanted to try as it was my first job usa.

They put me on grill i tried my best but i did'nt like the work also i wasn't good at it.

Is a great work place
Crew Member (Current Employee) –  Rolling Hills, CA – July 30, 2018
Chipotle is a great company to start in. If you put the effort you can move up in positions. You get great hours. Is very fast passed but it's great. Chipotle has taught me different skills

Overall very enjoyable work place
Cook/Prep (Current Employee) –  Rockwall, TX – July 30, 2018
Although sometimes I feel the job leaves something's to be desired, I am overall happy to be working here. The management team works well with their employees and makes sure everyone is enjoying what they do

Productive
Cashier (Former Employee) –  Reno, NV – July 30, 2018
Friendly staff and management 
Hardest part is getting through the big rush in the afternoon
Good music flowing throughout the restaurant 
Typical days consist mostly around the customers and cleaning

Fast Paced. Gives true meaning to having team players. Loved my coworkers
Grill Cook (Former Employee) –  Ocala, FL – July 29, 2018
Everyone works in sync at Chipotle. If one person fails everyone gets put down. Chipotle is a big cut throat place, you have to constantly give 100% of yourself to suceed. You get better at the job but it becomes hard on your body physically.
Pros
One free meal a day and one meal 50% off a day
Cons
Always working under pressure
Good place to work
Cashier/Customer Service (Current Employee) –  Silver Spring, MD – July 28, 2018
It’s a good place to work at if you are okay with working in a fast pace environment. If you get overwhelmed, just let one of your co-workers know and they’ll help you out. Everyone is family in this establishment.

Productive, friendly team envi
Cashier (Current Employee) –  Tallahassee, FL – July 26, 2018
Nice environment. Everyone is welcoming. The staff is easy to get along with. Its easy to learn duties and there is ample opportunities to advance when you excel at each task.

Fast Paced Environment with High Standards
Service Manager (Current Employee) –  Tucker, GA – July 26, 2018
Chipotle is an extremely fast paced environment where you learn to balance quality food standards with speed in order to ensure excellent guest experience. I learned to manage my time in order to get the most output for my time and to manage personalities of both my employees and my customers. The hardest part about this job is managing seemingly unreasonable customer issues with a positive attitude, however the benefit of treating the customer with the utmost respect and helping them solve their problem to create a better experience for them is far more rewarding than creating reason for the customer to complain again or never come back. I really enjoyed the fast environment and dealing with an assortment of people, but the most enjoyable part is the constant learning process. There is always something new to learn every time a shift starts and that builds not only my service experience, but my character as well.
Pros
Free Food, 50% Discount, Tuition Reimbursement
Cons
Short Breaks, Odd Hours, Physically Straining
Great atmosphere
Chipotle Crew Member (Former Employee) –  New Jersey – July 25, 2018
If u willing to learn to ne the best you then this place will help with that , you work with great people and u get free meals not to much of a fast pace it in a timely manner


