2.0
management sucks, they steal your leads
Senior Sales Counselor (Former Employee) –  Miami, FL – July 31, 2018
manager would steal leads, commission and overworked you to death. they would send you out in the streets to market for hours every day and take every customer that would come through the door. hard work, not worth the pay, STRESSFUL ENVIROMENT

To much
Sales Associate (Former Employee) –  Miami, FL – July 30, 2018
When you work in LA Fitness as salesperson you have to do everything. You have to do 60 calls minimum and them do marketing, sales. If you do not get the bonus you only have a salary of 8 hour

The hardest part of the Job
Receptionist (Former Employee) –  Houston, TX – July 28, 2018
You are on your feet constantly, and there never seems to be enough to do, especially in the later evenings. The job gets extremely boring and the hours go by slowly.

Great for beginners
Personal Trainer (Current Employee) –  Irving, TX – July 13, 2018
This job is great if you’re just starting out as a trainer because it allows you to develop your training style. The pay is very low however. I receive $6 per session which is absolutely not enough to pay the bills.

Corrupt management
Sales Representative (Former Employee) –  Phoenix, AZ – July 12, 2018
One day off a week, no job security, pressure upon new hires, management was corrupt. I enjoy the gym and workout 6–7 days a week, but working there made me lose interest in the gym.

Poor company accountability and prioritization
Kid's Klub Attentant (Current Employee) –  West Seattle, WA – July 4, 2018
Staff are friendly and work hard, but aren't given the resources to the extent needed to do their jobs. The situation contributes to a sense of camaraderie, but a fast-paced, stressful work environment and an occasional to a frequent sense of helplessness when it comes to customer service and mild embarrassment for the company.

Stay away from this company
Personal Training Counselor (Former Employee) –  Brookhaven, PA – July 1, 2018
Terrible company. Only interested in making money for themselves, not their employees. I was making $400+ in commission per pay period that I never saw. It's all about the sale, not about the people.
Pros
Nothing
Cons
Everything
No advancement
Front Desk Receptionist (Current Employee) –  Phoenix, AZ – June 27, 2018
LA Fitness does have its perks with working there, free membership and meeting cool people. But you get no benefits, low pay, and no room for advancement. I worked with the company for quite sometime as a front desk receptionist, almost 3 years, was stuck at the same pay and didn't get enough recognition that i deserved. I fully understood the ins and outs of the company and showed excellent customer service but always got overlooked. I believe in a facility like a gym the members needs should be first and foremost before anything else. This company only cares about how much money you're bringing in and out of the club. Even if you demonstrate excellent customer service it will never be appreciated. The amount of staff i had seen come and go when working there is unbelievable. It truly was so upsetting being so passionate about health and fitness, maintaining a friendly attitude to all the members, willingness to always learn more and more, and just giving all the effort i could to be treated so poorly as an employee. I will always be grateful for all the amazing people i had met throughout my time there but i honestly would not recommend anyone to work here. Sales, operations, or even training.
Pros
free membership, meeting new people
Cons
no benefits, no advancement, poor pay
Commercial style gym very sales oriented.
PERSONAL TRAINER (Former Employee) –  chicago, IL – June 26, 2018
Working strange hours with low pay. Management were very unprofessional and rude. Work place was very mask like and unprofessional. People cared more about the sale and would swindle members, pressuring them into contracts. Hardest pat was expecting to do unpaid work constantly. The most enjoyable part was helping clients reach there goals.
Pros
Very flexible hours
Cons
Unprodicatble hours and underpaid.
Worst Job I have ever had
Sales Counselor (Former Employee) –  Michigan – June 24, 2018
I worked in the presale and it was the worst experience I think possible. We got kicked out of several places due to poor communication and relationships with businesses. The business to business work was very unprofessional. Nothing was handled professionally. My coworkers put little to no effort in every day and expected too much from the company. I opened everyday, made at least 100 calls everyday and I bothered so many people. The VP forced us to call people even when requested to be removed from our list. I was also forced to not take my lunch break but I had to clock out for an hour lunch break everyday. So I would be making 8 hours pay while working 9/10 hours every day, because none of us would make commission anyways (due to the inactivity at the presale).
Pros
free gym membership
Cons
no lunch, poor pay, bad management from vp
Good for beginners
Personal Trainer (Former Employee) –  Glendale, AZ – June 20, 2018
This is a good place to start your career as a personal trainer, but as soon as you become a good trainer, you'll want to move on. Clients are paying $30-$70/session and you get $6 of it, unless things have changed since I left.
Pros
Flexible schedule
Cons
Pay sucks


