3.0
long hours, only one day off a week
Personal Training Director (Former Employee) –  Gresham, OR – July 27, 2018
Split shifts so you are going to be there from morning til evening. No benefits. Commission is lower than most gyms. There is opportunity for advancement as district or regional manager.
Pros
salary plus commission. work in a gym
Cons
no benefits. long hours.
Ability for growth is there. Not great work schedule
Personal Training Director (Former Employee) –  Pittsburgh, PA – July 23, 2018
There is a good potential for growth, however this is entirely dependent on location. The schedule isn't conducive either. It is, however a good introduction into sales and management.
Pros
Growth potential
Cons
Schedule
slow Paced
Front Desk Associate (Former Employee) –  N Miami Beach, FL – July 22, 2018
front desk associate typical checks members in and out the club. usually work a 4-5 hour shift. great temporary hours if you have other obligations throught your day.
Pros
free membership
Cons
no benefits
Living wages
Activity Director/Fitness Instructor (Current Employee) –  Blaine, MN – July 21, 2018
Love the members and staff at each club. Even managers from out of state are amazing. They understand and really listen to the team and do try to help make this company better.
Pros
People are anazing
Cons
Need to have living wages and benefits
Fun but not a job that anyone can count on to live a secure life
Personal Trainer (Former Employee) –  Woodland Hills, CA – July 20, 2018
It was fun to interact with members and put a smile on peoples face by giving top notch service. Learned to multitask under pressure of up to 30 to 50 people needed assistance at the same time. Management hand there hands tied when anything broke. They had to use the cheapest venders to please corporate. Telling customers there was nothing I could do to provide them items they pay for in there membership. To be able to help people change there lives was the best.
Pros
access to gym equipment
Cons
Not a stable job
I was able to network and use my communication skills.
ront Desk Associate (Former Employee) –  Charlotte, NC – July 19, 2018
Communicated well with every member that I met. Made them feel welcome while I was there. Worked at the front desk on some days and also work in the kids klub on other days.
Enjoyed my time.
Personal Training Director (Current Employee) –  Greenbelt, MD – July 16, 2018
Mixed reviews will come from many people who worked for the company. This was one of my firsts jobs so I am grateful for the oppurtunities given. Now I believe I can move forward and do something different instead of being stuck in one position.

Productive and fun workplace
General Manager (promoted several times) (Former Employee) –  Chicago, IL – July 12, 2018
Great energy had a blast doing oresales making lots of money and provided to grow into higher managerial roles. No work life balance. Paw was lowered.
Pros
Free gym
Cons
pay structure lowered
Fun place
Sales Counselor (Former Employee) –  Hemet, CA – July 12, 2018
LA fitness was an ok place to work, the pressure you to make sales of memberships but overall if you can make the sales then you will make the money and enjoy the perks.

Very productive
Janitor (Former Employee) –  Livonia, MI – July 10, 2018
Very nice people. It was kind of fun working here. I stayed busy most of the time so time went by very fast. I cleaned and whipped down the equipment everyday

Can be a fun place to work, and very rewarding compensation.
ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER (Current Employee) –  Dallas, TX – July 10, 2018
The best part about this company is being able to leave the facility and build new relationships with individuals and business everyday. Also making an impact on a complete strangers life and motivating them to make healthier decisions in life.
Pros
Promote from with in quickly, lots of room for growth
Cons
Stressful work enviroment, provide very little marketing material and agressive sales tactic
Good place to work if your right out of school.
Group Fitness Instructor (Former Employee) –  Clifton, NJ – July 10, 2018
I liked the job when I first started working for the company. But many times I was asked to pick up more classes which I did. Yet the classes I filled in for were not my classes so I did not do them on a regular. When I asked to work more, I was denied and decided to work elsewhere. Elsewhere being the restaurant business which caused me to lose motivation with the health industry.
Pros
Free gym membership
Cons
No advancements
Sales
General Manager (Former Employee) –  Philadelphia, PA – July 3, 2018
You will run a sales department under micro management. The best part of the job is seeing people you convince to join reach their goals. The hardest part is the work life balance.

