4.0
Competitive
Sales Counselor (Former Employee) –  Corona, CA – November 7, 2017
Transitioning from the restaurant business was a hard switch to sales at La Fitness but I was assured that I would grow at this company. Unfortunately, that was a lie because whenever someone doesn't make a sale management doesn't like or at a commission they don't approve of, you can almost guarantee that you will be pressured to make a higher sale or you can clear your desks and they will find a new sales counselor as soon as possible. I don't totally debunk this approach of expectation but I think they need to ease off on the new counselors adjusting to a job with this much pressure.
Pros
Free gym
Cons
Pressure, competitiveness
Very fun, energetic, and prosperous inviroment.
Fitness Advisor (Former Employee) –  Houston, TX – July 31, 2018
I love helping people so I enjoyed working on the floor talking too the members and the guest about there goals and how we could help them achieve a healthier lifestyle.
Pros
Free membership
Cons
Getting attached too the gym
Good Job when in School
Operations Worker (Current Employee) –  Burien, WA – July 30, 2018
It's good if you want a free membership for a gym to maintain a healthy physical lifestyle while attending to your educational needs. Commission was fairly decent, just don't get your hopes up on how much you would be making.
Pros
Free Membershiop
Cons
No health benefits
Gym memberships create intitive
Janitorial Staff (Former Employee) –  MD – July 26, 2018
As Unfulfilling as a job being a janitor was for me, due to the lack of social interaction. I enjoyed it. though the pay was above minimum wage that is still not livable. but it was far better than most places and I got a gym membership. fitness is important for health and helps relieve stress.

Fun workplace
Custodian (Former Employee) –  Yonkers, NY – July 24, 2018
The workplace is very laid back. I was responsible for cleaning and making sure the weights go back in their place. I learned the importance of punctuality.

Work environment
Senior Membership Sales Counselor (Current Employee) –  Peoria, AZ – July 23, 2018
It was a positive upbeat, fast past past, environment, always opportunity to help others, move closer to accomplishing their goals, and accommodating others is the best satisfaction.
Pros
Being able to use all their facilities.
Cons
the lack of training.
It was a learning experience for me
Consistently the top salesperson (Former Employee) –  Paramus, NJ – July 20, 2018
learned pretty much how to sale and talk to customers, they pretty much taught me how and when to sale to a costumer and how the experience and the service is the most important thing.

It is very good for beginners to start working in LA Fitness
Personal fitness trainer (Former Employee) –  Bolingbrook, IL – July 19, 2018
The people that I work with were very helpful and friendly. The location of the place is not that good but is ok. The machines there are in very good shape.The place is well organized. Working hours are flexible.

Dream Job minus the focus on sales over training
Personal Training Director (Former Employee) –  Township of Howell, NJ – July 17, 2018
Enjoyed the environment. Several aspects of company that I did not agree with as far as morals. Overall, good experience, but not lucrative enough for time spent.

I love la fitness
Personal Training Director (Current Employee) –  Maryland – July 16, 2018
This job has allowed me to grow as a person. It wasn’t always easy but I loved it. I just wish we had a break room for those who work split shift. When working far from home you have to just eat or rest in your car. The HR department are always very fair and helpful. I’ve enjoyed my time here.
Pros
Free membership, constant coaching, good commissions
Cons
No break room, split shift
It was a good environment
Front Desk Receptionist (Former Employee) –  Mount Prospect, IL – July 13, 2018
It was a good vibe and good surrounding over all. You are always kept busy with people always in and out through out the day. See different faces all the time, and some same familiar faces.

Relaxed and Enjoyable
Janitor (Former Employee) –  Tempe, AZ – July 13, 2018
I would recommend that if you don't mind Janitorial work to apply at LA Fitness, It was a cool job just not enough to pay my rent or other bills at that time.
Pros
Fun, happy and free membership
Sales manager
District Vice President (Former Employee) –  Fort Worth, TX – July 11, 2018
Driver of revenue through day to day sales operations. Multi-unit leader and salesforce. Job also require the ability to train and develop sales team.
Pros
Good work environment
Cons
Long Work Days
great development
Personal Training Director (Former Employee) –  Bronx, NY – July 11, 2018
I learned a lot while employed with la fitness.
its a great stepping stone if health and wellness is of your interest.
la fitness helped shape and mold me .

