5.0
Productive and great place to work. Will work there again.
Club Pride/Janitor (Current Employee) –  Philadelphia, PA – July 29, 2018
Steady and very independent kind of work which involves a lot of responsibility. Maintaining a clean workplace at all times was a big priority to my position. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new customers.

Fun
Yoga Instructor (Current Employee) –  Camp Hill, PA – July 27, 2018
Fun workplace. The clientele is nice. I have truly enjoyed my experience here so far

Great class times
Great leaders 
Hours of gym are convenient

Fun, flexible, highly recommended
Fitness Instructor (Former Employee) –  Hollywood, FL – July 23, 2018
Fun company to work for, as a fitness instructor I only came in a few hrs on days that I taught to prep for class. Scheduling is flexible and up to you, as long as you can find someone to cover for you (no matter hoe early or late notice) as long as you can get someone to fill in you don't have to advise management. Very independent and rewarding position, it gives you the opportunity to build a great rapport with your fellow gym patrons which make working an all around FUN experience
Pros
free membership, discounts at the smoothie place inside
Cons
pay could be better
Great job for growth
General Manager (Former Employee) –  Irvine, CA – July 17, 2018
You can make a lot of money. and if you love sales, this is the job for you! hahah the only negative thing I can say is this company works you like a dog!

LA Fitness as personal trainer
Personal Trainer (Current Employee) –  Dallas, TX – July 10, 2018
I enjoyed building a relationship with my clients and helping them by enriching their lives. The hardest part was getting access to more clients. I have learned the business part of being a personal trainer for LA Fitness.

easy going, relaxed
Operations Specialist (Former Employee) –  Ahwatukee, AZ – July 9, 2018
easy going, fitness environment, you're typically on your feet a lot of the day, handling the general needs and operations of the facility or delegating to sales team. Involves answering phone inquiries and general payment, collections calls.
Pros
fun, easy going, fitness enviroment
Cons
part time, no benifits
Here you'll learn the basics of the sale process
SENIOR SALES COUNSELOR (Former Employee) –  Beverly Hills, CA – July 6, 2018
Here i learned the basics of the selling process. From prospecting in person, lead followup, lead conversion, setting appointments, building rapport and making a sell.
Pros
Good pay, gym onsite, opportunity to increase your monthly paychecks/bonuses
Cons
Sells quota can be high for the time given to reach it.
Energetic Work Place with exciting opertunities for the right candidates.
Fitness Director (Former Employee) –  Lancaster, PA 17601 – July 4, 2018
I really enjoy the experience of working in a healthy environment. I am simply pursuing a different career path. Excellent working environment that can benefit anyone.
Pros
Exciting bussiness proposal
Cons
Sale Oriented.
Not a bad place if you hustle
Sales Counselor (Former Employee) –  Fort Washington, PA – July 2, 2018
Not a bad place to work. It was all about the hustle. Either you were on the phone or out handing out passes. Booking tours and making deals. Definitely a job for a hustler.
Pros
Gym
Cons
Prospecting

