1.0
Good part time job if you're in school
Receptionist (Former Employee) –  The Woodlands, TX – March 18, 2018
The people in Management at this location had the minds of petty 13 year old girls, always looking for drama. Not having anything better to do. Will judge you for not being vegan. The place is filthy. They don't have a cleaning log they follow everyday. The bathrooms where never cleaned at the end of each day, they would just spray Lysol in the air and call it clean. There was so much Lysol and dust build up on the tile floors your shoes would stick. I wouldn't get a massage here if it was free just because of sanitation.
Pros
Easy job.
Cons
Most unfair management I've ever worked with
Horrible and unsanitary environment
Massage Therapist (Former Employee) –  Houston, TX – June 8, 2018
MH Parkway Village in Houston, Texas is possibly the nastiest place I have ever seen. No clients and no-one cares about anything or you. I know how much they really charge for a massage and it's an insult what they pay you. Never work here, good place to get a MRSA. They should shut this sweatshop down. It will make you want to quit massage. Disgraceful describes it perfectly.
Pros
None
Cons
Unsanitary Enviroment
horrible and owners were crooks
Massage Therapist (Former Employee) –  Davis, CA – June 11, 2018
it was a horrible time working there. i was constantly shorted on my paychecks and they were way too demanding with sales instead of having us focus on the quality of our massages. they cut my breaks if a client showed up early. but the location i worked at has been shut down, not sure about their other locations. no benefits and very hard to request days off.

Unfairly treated
Massage Therapist lead/supervisor (Former Employee) –  Westlake Village, CA – July 24, 2018
I was treated unfairly. They took my lead postition away from me without telling me anything. They cut my hours badly and making me take an extra day off. People there was back stabbing me and not even giving me any respect.
Pros
There is no pros
Cons
The owners should treat all their help equal than treating some of them bad.
Bottom of the barrel for franchises
Massage Therapist (Former Employee) –  Naples, FL – February 23, 2018
While the environment of the spa is nice, they expect the therapists to do laundry and clean bathrooms for free. You get paid commission or minimum wage- whichever is higher, and they take your credit card tips into account. When you have free time, that is when they expect you to work - for free. No other franchise does this they all have a sheet service- as they should. No one gets a license to work for minimum wage and they expect you to do just that.

Worst Place Ever
Massage Therapist (Former Employee) –  Carmel Valley, CA – November 19, 2017
Slow pace
Poor management 
Be ready to fold the never ending laundry. This place doesn't provide laundry service.
High turn over of therapist
You gotta fold laundry during your break
Pros
None
Cons
Slavery mentalitty
Relaxed at times
Assistant Manager (Former Employee) –  Flower Mound, TX – September 10, 2017
Customers were great to work with. Employees were very flexible and hard working. The facility is very clean and pretty. I enjoyed fixing complaints and making a happy client leave the building each time.


