Bad Management and No Training
Customer Service Representative (Former Employee) –  Bedford, NH – January 23, 2018
The management here is disjointed and does not care about it's employees. You do not recieve formal training and forced at all costs to sell a membership to the customer that they usually do not want. Constant conflicts with therapists vs front desk workers. Harrassment chargers from one therapist. Very unsafe place to work at. Front desk workers had to call the cops three times for unsafe customers. No security and a very unsafe environment. No hours available and management is petty. They obvioisly pick favorites and are unfair to others. Lots of drama between coworkers that they try to drag you into. Covering shifts for the same person that calls out every single week. Terrible place.
Pros
Discount on Massages
Cons
Low Pay Selling to Customers Bad Management

Terrible place to stay working at for a length of time
Massage Therapist (Current Employee) –  Pittsburgh, PA – February 9, 2018
It is a great place to start and get the feel for the career and getting experience working on people. After staying for a year try to get out ASAP. Management is terrible both local manager and our district manager are terrible. The paid time off is based off min wage so even after being there for 5+years my days off only pay me $56 which is laughable at best.

Pay compensation is odd to say the least. It's a wage vs commission setup. This means the wage which is min wage is looked at for the entire pay period and compared to the commission work you did in the same pay period. You then only receive the higher of the two and the other one is like it never existed. So even with you having some dead time they still expect you to do a long list of things around the spa and don't let you come in late if you don't have anyone for your first couple of hours or leave early if the rest of your day is dead.
Pros
Great work experience
Cons
management, pay scale, high stress on product sales, high stress on membership sales
Only great for some
Esthetician (Former Employee) –  Sacramento, CA – July 21, 2018
This job is very relaxing and can sometimes be busy when you have a full schedule. 

I loved my manager and i loved my job here. it was nice and relaxed, slow paced but the pay is what set me away from staying.
Pros
slow
Cons
pay
Promises made, Promises broken
Life style consultant (Former Employee) –  Lenexa, KS – April 30, 2018
As a past employee, I would recommend if you want flexibility or temporary and not looking for advancement, this job would be perfect. The owners of this business absolutely do not follow through with evaluations and make false promises then in return make the same promises to other employees as if you felt you are guaranteed the position also if the owners know you want to better yourself in the business they will avoid you as if you have the plague. “ You will never receive a raise”! The turn over is ridiculous and sad not only does this cause frustration with other employees, front desk but even for the members. This is not a promising career!
Pros
Flexibility with hours
Cons
Extremely poor management
Production
Lifestyle Consultant (Former Employee) –  Pikesville, MD – April 13, 2018
My experience at Massage Heights was good up until they changed owners. The big change made the work environment uncomfortable for the customers as well as the employees.

annoying work envirnoment
Lifestyle consultant (Former Employee) –  Decatur, GA – March 22, 2018
the pay is okay but the director is petty and unprofessional. you get paid bi-weekly. if your good at selling memberships you get the most hours so its competitive pay.


