4.0
Good to customers
Lmt (Current Employee) –  Missouri City, TX – December 12, 2017
High turnover rate, there’s been a lot of changes in the past few months and there seems to be a lack of internet in the location coming from management

Laid back, willing to work with you as far as hours.
LIFESTYLE CONSULTANT (Current Employee) –  Frisco, TX – January 22, 2018
New owner, and retreat director is great! Pretty laid back for the most part. There are people from all walks of life here so be mindful and understanding of other peoples backgrounds. As long as you're doing what's expected of you you'll be fine!

No benefits what so ever
Certified Massage Therapist (Former Employee) –  Lake Village, CA – January 23, 2018
At the typical day at work I enjoyed the clients who liked my medical approach to massage. They experienced top notched massage therapy and it reduced their discomforts each and every time. Management seemed to be kind of lop sided when booking massages where it seemed they picked favorites and gave your regular clients to other therapists even if you were there. They disregarded your opinion and covered it up with excuses.
Pros
One paid day off for your birthday
Cons
One break all day long
It is relaxing
Front Desk Receptionist (Former Employee) –  Jacksonville, FL – January 30, 2018
It is very relaxing as you walk into the building. Get checked in/out for your massage. The management was out of control. The employees were very nice and patient with one another. It usually gets very busy at lunch time.
Pros
The employees were friendly
Cons
crowded room
Productive
Lifestyle consultant (Current Employee) –  Houston, TX – February 12, 2018
I like working at massage heights it was a very relaxing yet challenging job, you would really have to up sale prospects on memberships and selling gift cards.
Pros
discount massage
Great for students
Receptionist (Current Employee) –  Katy, TX – March 7, 2018
The hardest part is dealing with therapist and customer complaints.
This job has flexible hours for those who are currently in school but not great for those who need a steady income.
Pros
Free massages
Cons
No healthcare benefits
Place that will help develop personal Skills
Retreat Director (Current Employee) –  Houston, TX – July 30, 2018
Typical day mindset would be to always come in and hit the floor running. Having a great daily plan is the key to success. This position, if you have not done so, will allow you to develop skills that you have learned and be able to implement things that you wanted to try. Under the guidance of the ownership, you can home in on things that you have forgotten as well. The culture of the job is what you make it. Must have a strong back bone but a heart to listen.

Relaxed and forward thinking job
Lead Esthetician (Current Employee) –  Austin, TX – July 23, 2018
This job has taught me a tremendous amount about responsibility when it comes to coworkers and clients. The health of the client is in our hands, and the tone of the work place is all based on how you treat your coworkers. Everyone is a great team player, and willing to lend a handle when able. The owners and management are always checking to see how they can improve the work place and how us employees can improve ourselves, either within the company or on to bigger opportunities.
Pros
Great management, relaxed environment, amazing clients
Cons
Slower business
Great job.
Receptionist (Former Employee) –  Katy, TX – June 14, 2018
This job was not very demanding. 

There was a lot of down time between client appointments for you to complete work . 

The hardest part of the job was trying to sell member programs.
Decent work place
Licensed Massage Therapist (Former Employee) –  San Antonio, TX – June 4, 2018
Great company if it has the right supervisors overlooking the daily activities with out being personal. Overall it stayed busy depending on the location.

It's all good if you are a good therapist
MASSAGE THERAPIST (Current Employee) –  Atlanta, GA – May 22, 2018
I work for a great Director and that helps with the overall enjoyment of working at Massage Heights. Competitive with other employees. Nasty attitudes of the therapist. Lazy Therapist that don't care about nothing but themselves, not in all cases just some.

Fun Workplace
Licensed Massage Therapist (Current Employee) –  Houston, TX – May 22, 2018
Great place to work, great manager, but it is slow paced and takes time to build clientele. The only downside is very little benefits after a year of employment and no retirement plan.
Pros
Flexible Scheduling
Cons
Benefits
Massage Heights
Assistant Clinic Administrator (Former Employee) –  Marietta, GA – April 10, 2018
A typical day would be generating leads, calling past clients, scheduling and managing appointments, organizing client files, keeping the walk-in area up to par.
Pros
fast paced
Cons
bad management


