2.0
Just stick to being a customer
Senior Human Resources Team Leader (Former Employee) –  Richmond, VA – January 16, 2018
I know better now.... don't be fooled by any leadership position with this company. Each position is 95% manager-on-duty and 5% for your core role. I came in with all of these great ideas on how to turn around the apathetic culture at my location, but there was never any time to put them into action because I was too busy stocking shelves, taking out the garbage, babysitting behavior problems, cleaning up spills, loading up coolers, moving clearance merchandise, and dealing with customers who were way too serious about their coupons. Be prepared to work up a sweat on a daily basis and then wait for your STL to ask why you're not staffing the store, why you're spending an entire day on the schedule, and why don't you know how to set and endcap. Definitely not anyone's definition of an HR position.

A not so fun place to work
Human Resources Assistant (Former Employee) –  Lady Lake, FL – November 3, 2017
This employer had a very stressful environment for the employees. If you are not in with the right person, you would not be treated fairly. I would not recommend working here.

Terrible Management / Unfair Company Practices and Policies
Human Resources Team Member (Former Employee) –  Alexandria, VA – September 21, 2017
When I first arrived at Target I absolutely loved it there. Everyone seemed really nice/genuine and it was a fun place to work. I learned very quickly just how wrong I was. The particular store I was working at was extremely racist and inconsistent when it came to discipline. Only the black team members and leaders at that store were disciplined while everyone else got away with doing the same exact thing time and time again. My direct supervisor issued a corrective action against me for apparently(I did not say it) saying the word "f*ck", meanwhile team members, leaders and ETLs(Executive Team Leader) alike constantly cursed every other word, every single day, on the sales floor in front of guests, and in the team member service center as well. Management at this particular store is absolutely atrocious and exceedingly unfair. Target's company policies in general need to be updated or at least fine tuned. Per Target policy, an ETL can simply state that a team member or team leader said something, and based on the ETL statement alone, with absolutely no proof, the ETL can then issue a corrective action against that team member or leader. So, this means that if an executive simply does not like you, they can issue a corrective action against you based on Target policy. This is exactly what happened to me. Also, the integrity hotline is a joke. Target claims that it is a third party company but in reality this company is on Target's side. I called them to file harrassment against my direct supervisor and provided them with over ten examples of how I was or had been harrassed by this person. After an entire month, they came to the conclusion that the supervisor "acted within Target policy" and there was nothing further for them to do. Overall, my work experience at Target was decent, but I would not recommend working for this company. Maybe if I had been at another location I would have had a different experience.
Pros
Fun team members
Cons
Racism, Terrible Management, No Overtime, Underpaid, Inconsistent Hours, Inconsistent Disciplinary Action
Good for students or retirees.
Human Resources Assistant (Former Employee) –  Glen Allen, VA – September 19, 2017
Target is a great place to work if you're just starting out in working, need a second job, or retired and looking for a little something to do. They have a limited number of hours and getting anything close to full time is very difficult unless you are willing to work in multiple work centers. Some of the directions the company is taking are detrimental to the work flow of the stores and are negatively impacting their employees.
Pros
Friendly coworkers and flexible scheduling to a point.
Cons
Managers are too frequently hired with no experience.
Target
Human Resources Team Member (Former Employee) –  Sterling, VA – September 14, 2017
This company is a good company for students lookinig for employment. They quote you a salary and hours and go back on their word once you're hired. The company promotes long term employees into positions that they don't have any experience in and make them managers.
Pros
Discounts
Cons
Working hours

