3.0
Fast, fun and friendly culture
Human Resources Team Lead (Current Employee) –  Brooklyn, NY – April 5, 2018
Target is fast, fun and friendly place that does its best at trying to engage its team. The executive leadership lacks a relatable aspect and is poor when communicating to the team.

Flexible work hours
Human Resources Team Member (Former Employee) –  Racine, WI – April 23, 2018
The best thing about this job is that it is very flexible. It is great for college kids and those on a restricted schedule. I have learned that pleasing the guest is the number one goal. Management pushes this as a top priority. The hardest part of retail is working holidays. The most enjoyable part is working with great team members.
Pros
Wages are well above minimum wage.
Cons
Management decisions can fluctuate by the day.
N/a
Human Resources Team Member (Former Employee) –  Kansas City, MO – May 18, 2018
Fun place to work. There are some amazing people employed there.
Definitely not perfect though. From all that's been in the news... 
I have a college degree; however, I disagree with not allowing people without GEDs, or a high school diploma, apply for positions in some stores/areas. The little online exams/tests to qualify seem to be designed to deter people. Doesn't seem fair. 
You can find jobs elsewhere that pay more for the same work. -- Turnover rates here vary.
Pros
Positive atmospheres.
Cons
You can find jobs elsewhere that pay more for the same work. -- Turnover rates here vary.
Great place to work
HR Assistant (Former Employee) –  Merrifield, VA – May 19, 2018
Alot of management changes and inconsistency, Plans change at the drop of hat and so does priority which makes it difficult to execute daily duties,depending on your work area it is hard to take timely breaks
Pros
Friendly fun place to work
Cons
Cutting hours
Employees were like a second family
Human Resources Team Leader (Former Employee) –  Rancho Cucamonga, CA – December 29, 2013
The human resources department was a busy department to work in. We worked in a diverse environment so everyday we learned something new whether it was about a team member or about how we worked together to reach our goals. My store was a training store, so we worked with many different managers. We learned a lot about working with different types of personalities. There were many challenging days but there were always a manager or a peer that was willing to help work through an issue if I had any questions. The most enjoyable part of my job was working with all different employees, and I really enjoyed being the district team trainer for the human resources team members and team leaders.
Pros
working with great people
Cons
Management changed too many times in one store

