4.0
Good place to work, but pay is lacking unless you're an executive
HR Team Member (Former Employee) –  Rochester, NY – July 23, 2018
Great employment for dual-income household. Not great for a single mother. Great atmosphere of teamwork and superior guest service culture. A great starting place for experience in the work world.
Pros
paid time, pension and 401k
Cons
hours and holidays
Loved it
Human Resources Team Member (Former Employee) –  Buford, GA – July 16, 2018
I thoroughly enjoyed my position and daily responsibilities. I also believed in Target's Mission.

There are added perks besides pay and insurance offered.

Good starting company
HUMAN RESOURCES TEAM MEMBER (Former Employee) –  National City, CA – June 20, 2018
I loved working for target. Unfortunately, there is not a lot of room for growth. Compensation is not that great either. You can pick up as many hours as you can when you are cross-trained in multiple departments, with out exceeding over time.

It's fun to work there.
Human Resources Team Member (Former Employee) –  San Jose, CA – June 18, 2018
I'ts fun to work there, but not much room to grow. In general people and management are nice and friendly. Flexibility in working hours is a plus. Will start with minimum pay.
Pros
Flexible schedule
Cons
Low pay
great guest service
senior HR Team lead (Current Employee) –  Cleveland, OH – June 10, 2018
They always put the guest first. I would shop here even if I didn't work here. The store I am at currently has the best team members ever. Everyone is so nice and willing to help each other and the guest.

Fun
Human Resource Team Leader (Former Employee) –  Farmington Hills, MI – June 6, 2018
Great place to work and shop. I enjoyed my time working for this company. They had excellent benefits all around health, vision, 401k match. I planned great community events.

Good atmosphere
Human Resources and Starbucks Team Member (Former Employee) –  Spring Hill, FL – May 10, 2018
Every Target location is different, the previous stores I have worked at were more friendly and helped you prepare for promotion. I feel like the hours given to each team member is unfair for the work load given. Great place to have your first job at.

Great part-time college job
Human Resources Team Member Trainer (Current Employee) –  Orem, UT – May 9, 2018
Target was a great job for me while I was at school. They are more than willing to work around your school schedule. Was great for me while I was pursuing my degree. Look to promote from within.
Pros
Flexible
Cons
work around holidays

Very fast paced company.
Human Resources, Senior Team Leader (Former Employee) –  Kansas City, KS – April 23, 2018
I absolutely loved the energy and fast-paced work environment. I loved working with the consumers and trying to make them happy. I had many opportunities afforded me, while working at Target. The only negative I have is that, in order to be promoted to an Executive lever, you had to have a degree, in anything. There were many qualified people passed over, due to this.
Pros
Never bored.
Cons
Lack of advancement opportunites.
n/a
Human Resources Team Lead (Former Employee) –  South Charleston, WV – April 16, 2018
Management was not consistent. Rules were bent to make sure company goals where met. There was not unity in the culture each department viewed themselves as separate.
Pros
n/a
Cons
Management changes to frequently

